http://www.breitbart.com/jerusalem/2017/12/03/klein-six-reasons-jared-kushner-delusional-middle-east/
Klein: Six Reasons Jared Kushner is Dangerously Delusional on the Middle East
Earlier today, Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser, made a rare public appearance to discuss his efforts to secure an Israeli-Palestinian deal and forge a wider Middle East peace.
While Kushner’s remarks were short on specifics, his 30-minute Q&A at the Saban Forum in Washington revealed dangerously delusional thinking when it comes to issues of U.S. national security, the so-called Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Iran, and the largest Middle East.
Here, in no particular order, are six major problems with Kushner’s remarks today:
1 – Kushner would create a Palestinian state despite the current Palestinian “unity government” with Hamas terrorists.
Kushner and the Trump administration are plowing forward with a plan to create a Palestinian state even after the Palestinian Authority (PA) inked a landmark unity agreement with the Hamas terrorist organization, which is committed to Israel’s destruction.  This means that any Palestinian state will ostensibly be governed on some level by the new Palestinian National Consensus Government, which includes Hamas as a main power.
Hamas has made clear it will not disarm under the unit deal, and has boasted it will bring its “weapons of the resistance” to the West Bank, where PA President Mahmoud Abbas already has a tenuous and flailing grip on power.  In forming a unity government with Hamas, Abbas and the PA made clear where they stand when it comes to moderation and peace with Israel.
2 – Kushner is dangerously conditioning a larger Arab-Israel peace with the creation of a Palestinian state.
President Obama’s disastrous nuclear agreement with Iran has created unique and immediate opportunities to forge economic, military and diplomatic relations between Israel and the larger Sunni Arab world, led by Saudi Arabia. The Saudis and other Sunni Arab nations are pushing for a larger alliance, understanding that the regional tectonic plates have dramatically shifted and that their best hopes for confronting the Iranian threat lie in a new axis that includes Israel.
Kushner is setting up a larger regional deal for failure by pressing first for a solution to the so-called Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
“I think that if we’re going to try and create more stability in the region as a whole, this issue has to be solved,” Kushner stated about the momentum for relations with between Israel and the larger Sunni Arab world. By “this issue,” Kushner was referring to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
He more clearly stated that for a larger regional peace between Israel and the Arab world to be forged, “we have to overcome this issue of the Israeli-Palestinian issue in order for this to happen.”
Kushner is betting on a losing horse and he is needlessly placing a timed mega bomb inside an unprecedented opportunity for a larger and potentially stabilizing regional alliance between Israel and the Sunni Arab world.
The Palestinians have a 100% track record of bolting negotiations and refusing to sign any so-called peace agreement.
Indeed, the Palestinian Authority has rejected every single Israeli offer of a state.  Such state offers were made at Camp David in 2000, Taba in 2001, the Annapolis Conference in 2007 and more offers were made in 2008. It was recently reported that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu quietly made another such offer in 2014. In each of these cases, the PA refused generous Israeli offers of statehood and bolted negotiations without counteroffers. In some cases, they countered statehood offers with a major escalation of violence. There is no evidence to suggest that the Palestinians would accept any future Israeli offer.
3 – Kushner pushed the Palestinian propaganda lie that the so-called Israeli Palestinian conflict is at the center of driving regional instability.
By painting the Israeli-Palestinian conflict as critical to bringing “more stability in the region as a whole” and focusing on the creation of a Palestinian state as a precondition for regional peace, Kushner is feeding into the Palestinian propaganda claim that the so-called Israeli-Palestinian conflict is driving regional turmoil.
This singular focus dangerously lets Iran off the hook for being arguably the greatest threat to regional stability. The Israeli-Palestinian conflict further has nothing to do with the Iran-backed Houthi rebels destabilizing Yemen or targeting Saudi Arabia. It is not a significant factor in the Shiite-Sunni divide that has been at the heart of Mideast violence. It is a footnote to the larger Islamic State designs to create a Caliphate and subjugate non-Muslims in the Middle East and worldwide.  The lack of a Palestinian state (the fault of the Palestinians alone for repeatedly rejecting statehood offers) is not driving the Syria civil war, nor is it behind Iran’s attempt to takeover Iraq, Lebanon and Syria.
Reacting to Kushner’s speech, one former Trump administration official speaking to me today put it this way: “Jared has in essence reverted to the Susan Rice, Obama administration playbook for blaming Israel for the problems in the Middle East. These are talking points directly from J Street.”
The former official, familiar with the White House foreign policy process, charged that “Jared was clearly following instructions from Dina Powell and H.R. McMaster, who have been pushing viewpoints that Israel is a destabilizing force in the region.”
4 – Kushner’s “peace” drive promotes the fiction that the Palestinian Authority is a partner for peace.
Putting aside Hamas, which again is in a unity agreement with Abbas’s Fatah, the PA’s own rejectionist attitudes toward Israel are highlighted by its repeated use of maps that erase Israel and PA propaganda calling for the dismantling of the Jewish state.
The Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade, a terrorist group responsible for scores of suicide bombings and deadly shooting attacks, is closely aligned with Abbas’s Fatah party and is routinely referred to as Fatah’s so-called military wing.
Abbas recently exclaimed that he would continue official PA payments to Palestinian prisoners, a grouping that includes convicted terrorists, “until my dying day.” It was reported that the PA’s 2017 budget for payments to terrorists and their families amounts to about half of all foreign aid the PA expects to receive during the next year.
Abbas’s official PA organs and media outlets routinely glorify murderous terrorists. In one of countless examples, Breitbart Jerusalem recently reported on a Fatah summer camp named after Dalal Mughrabi, who led the 1978 Coastal Road massacre in which 38 people—including 13 children—were murdered. Breitbart Jerusalem also recently reported on a song featured on a children’s program on official PA television calling the entire State of Israel, including major Israeli cities, “my country Palestine.”
5 – Kushner’s plan to create a Palestinian state would harm U.S. national security interests.
The very premise of Kushner’s speech—that an Israeli-Palestinian deal is not only “achievable” but is in U.S. regional national security interests—is dangerous and fundamentally flawed.
There is no significant evidence to suggest that a Palestinian state that openly supports terrorism and it in a unity deal with terrorists would be moderate or a force against regional radicalism.  There is overwhelming evidence to support the charge that a future Palestinian state would support terrorism, would remain in a permeant state of war with Israel and would work to destabilize the region.
The ailing 82-year-old Abbas is unpopular and hasn’t held a presidential election since 2005.  There is no known moderate Palestinian leader or political party viewed as capable of taking over the PA. Indeed, there is no known moderate leader in any senior position in the Palestinian arena.
6 – Kushner scandalously drew moral equivalencies between Israel and the PA.
Kushner talked about “the red lines of both sides” and that they “see a lot of things that could go south quickly.”  Only one side, however, seeks to destroy the other and educates its children in anti-Semitic propaganda, radicalism, violence and rejectionist attitudes.
Kushner went on to compare the democratic, pro-Western, anti-extremism government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to that of the terrorist-supporting, anti-Semitic, Hamas-partnership government of the PA.
“We have an open and honest dialogue with both sides, our conversations have opened up a lot. I think there are a lot of instances of great trust between Israelis and Palestinians, but not along the leadership.” he said.



http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/12/03/hes-said-nothing-moore-jones-silence-sanctuary-cities/
‘He’s Said Nothing:’ Roy Moore Hits Doug Jones’ Silence on Sanctuary Cities After ‘Outrageous’ Kate Steinle Verdict
Alabama Senate candidate Judge Roy Moore (R) is hitting his Democratic opponent Doug Jones’ silence on sanctuary cities following the shocking verdict in the Kate Steinle murder trial, where an illegal alien was acquitted after causing the 32-year-old woman’s death.
Following the not guilty verdict of seven-time felon and five-times deported illegal alien Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez, also known as Jose Ines Garcia Zarate—who previously admitted to shooting and killing 32-year-old Kate Steinle while she was walking on a pier with her father in sanctuary city San Francisco, California—Moore called out his opponent’s unclear stance on sanctuary cities:
My opponent supports amnesty and has stated that he sees no need for a border wall and has said nothing about sanctuary cities. His election would be a threat to the safety and well-being of the people of Alabama and the United States at large.
Sanctuary cities are local jurisdictions that refuse cooperation with federal immigration officials, allowing millions of illegal aliens to seemingly remain in the U.S. by seeking safe haven in these regions.
Moore called the verdict in the Steinle case “outrageous,” saying the “ruling was a complete travesty of justice and a shameful admission that San Francisco cares more for criminal aliens than they do for innocent American women and until Congress moves to crack down on sanctuary cities, illegal immigration, and border security, no American can be safe.”
Moore also slammed Jones’ opposition to President Trump’s border wall plan as well as his support for giving amnesty to nearly 800,000 to 3.5 million illegal aliens who have been shielded from deportation under the President Obama-created Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program. Moore said:
I am thankful for the strong leadership of President Trump, and as your next United States senator, rest assured that I will do all within my power to secure our border, build the border wall, put an immediate end to so-called ‘sanctuary cities’ that put Americans at risk, strongly oppose all amnesty including DACA and the DREAM Act, and work to pass Kate’s Law to crack down on criminal illegals like Zarate who unlawfully return to our country.
A spokesperson with the Moore campaign said it “strongly” supported Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ statement following the verdict where the former Alabama Senator said elected officials in sanctuary cities should “reflect” and “consider carefully the harm they are doing to their citizens.”
Sessions said after the Steinle verdict:
When jurisdictions choose to return criminal aliens to the streets rather than turning them over to federal immigration authorities, they put the public’s safety at risk. San Francisco’s decision to protect criminal aliens led to the preventable and heartbreaking death of Kate Steinle.
When previously asked about sanctuary cities, Jones deflected the question.
“I’ll let someone else talk about sanctuary cities in California,” Jones told the Montgomery Advertiser in July.
Despite its popularity among Alabama voters, Jones has increasingly been a vocal opponent of Trump’s wall along the U.S.-Mexico border that would serve as the first path to ending illegal immigration in the country.
As Breitbart News reported, Jones said of the wall:
“No, I do not. I think it’s too expensive,” Jones told Fox News when asked if he supported the construction of the border wall.
“I don’t think we need to be spending $20 billion dollars,” Jones continued, blasting the border wall. “I want to put it on healthcare, I want to get tax cuts for the middle class.”



http://www.breitbart.com/jerusalem/2017/12/03/report-trump-frustrated-with-aides-opposing-jerusalem-embassy-move/
Report: Trump ‘Frustrated’ With Aides Opposing Jerusalem Embassy Move
TEL AVIV – President Donald Trump reportedly became “agitated and exasperated” at the lack of action on his campaign promise to move the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem, with sources telling the Washington Postthat the White House may compromise by formally declaring Jerusalem to be Israel’s capital.
According to the report, a meeting was convened between senior national security aides with the expected outcome that Trump would once again sign the biannual waiver postponing the embassy move.
The Washington Post reported:
Over a discussion that lasted nearly an hour, Trump, who stayed longer than expected, became agitated and exasperated at what he saw as overly cautious bureaucratic hand-wringing, two people familiar with the discussion said. Focused on his campaign promise to make the move, Trump seemed frustrated with pushback about the potential backlash among Palestinians and their supporters, the people said.
The report also said that the State Department has warned its embassies in the Middle East that they can expect unrest following an announcement by the president regarding the Tel Aviv embassy later this week.
Last week, ahead of a trip to Israel, Vice President Mike Pence said Trump “is actively considering when and how to move the American embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.”
According to veteran Middle East peace negotiator Aaron David Miller, Trump would use an embassy move to prove himself as the most pro-Israel American president.
“I would think he wants maximum publicity on this,” Miller told the Times of Israel. “For him, this is a big deal: This is showing that, ‘I’m not Obama, I’m the most pro-Israeli president in modern history. And it’s another first. I was the first president to visit Israel so early in my term. I was the first president to pray at the Western Wall. … This would be the ultimate first.”
However, the Palestinians have made it clear that both an embassy transfer and a declaration of Jerusalem as Israel’s capital will spark unrest and may overturn any chances at a peace deal.
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas over the weekend called on at least eight Arab and world leaders to help prevent an embassy transfer, warning that such a move “would lead to the destruction of the peace process and would bring the region into an uncontrollable situation,”  according to his spokesperson Nabil Abu Rudeineh.
According to Israeli media reports, a PA delegation also met with Trump’s senior advisor Jared Kushner to pass on the message that an embassy relocation would spell the end of the peace process.
Meanwhile, Gaza-based terror group Hamas has warned that any recognition of Jerusalem as Israel’s capital will be deemed a “flagrant aggression” against the city and “a barefaced violation of international law” that would be met with an “escalation of violence.”
“We warn against such a move and call on the Palestinian people to revive the intifada if these unjust decisions on Jerusalem are adopted,” Hamas said in a statement.



http://www.breitbart.com/economics/2017/12/03/corporatetaxrate20percent/
Trump Suggests Corporate Rate Could Go Higher than 20 Percent
President Donald Trump expressed a willingness to accept a higher corporate tax rate, a position his administration had previously rejected.
“Trump told reporters at the White House before a trip to New York City on Saturday that he would consider setting the corporate tax rate at 22 percent, compared to a 20 percent rate that he has pushed for with House and Senate Republicans during the fall,” the Associated Press reports.
The president spoke several hours after the Senate passed its version of the tax cut bill. Next the bill heads to a conference between the leaders of the House, which passed its own tax cut bill in November, and Senate leaders to work out the differences between the two bills. Trump predicted that “something beautiful is going to come out of that mixer.”
Trump also said that corporate taxes could come “all the way down from 35 to 20. It could be 22 when it comes out, but it could also be 20. We’ll see what ultimately comes out.”
A higher corporate rate could allow for deeper cuts elsewhere, including an expansion of the child tax credit or lower individual rates. Alternatively, the additional revenues could be used to restore tax breaks the bills would eliminate, particularly the deducation for state and local taxes.
Trump’s words appear to mark a departure from its earlier position. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said in September that the 20 percent rate was “not negotiable.”



http://www.breitbart.com/big-hollywood/2017/12/03/l-film-critics-honor-underage-gay-romantic-drama-call-name-best-picture/
L.A. Film Critics Honor Underage Gay Romantic Drama ‘Call Me By Your Name’ with Best Picture
The Los Angeles Film Critics Association has named Call Me By Your Name its 2017 Best Picture winner, with the film’s young star Timothée Chalamet also picking up Best Actor as the independent gay romantic drama added to its early awards-season haul Saturday.
The film’s director, Luca Guadagnino, shared the association’s Best Director prize with Guillermo del Toro, whose film The Shape of Water also landed Sally Hawkins the Best Actress prize.
Supporting actor honors went to Willem Dafoe and Laurie Metcalf, for their roles in The Florida Project and Lady Bird, respectively, while Key and Peele star Jordan Peele’s smash hit horror film, Get Out, picked up Best Screenplay.
Call Me By Your Name — which also earned Best Picture honors at the Gotham Awards last week — stars the 21-year-old Chalamet as Elio, a 17-year-old music prodigy who meets and quickly falls in love with his father’s 24-year-old research assistant Oliver (Armie Hammer) at his parents’ Italian villa over the course of the summer of 1983. The film has picked up steady awards buzz since its premiere at the Sundance Film Festival last year, and is a favorite to earn recognition in major categories when Oscar nominations are announced in January.
The film also holds a 98 percent rating on review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes.
While critics have continued to rave about the film, and particularly Chalamet’s performance (he could become the youngest-ever Best Actor winner), others have called attention to the film’s positive depiction of a sexual relationship involving an underage teenager, with its release coming as Hollywood has been engulfed by a widespread sexual abuse scandal.
Writing for Slate, Jeffrey Bloomer says that while he views the film as an “urgent and beautiful story of discovery,” some viewers would likely be disturbed by its depiction of the relationship.
Bloomer adds that the age gap between the characters in the film “will give pause to more people than right-wing trolls—it did to my progressive companion at an early screening—and it does the film no favors to pretend it’s not a question worth exploring.”
Meanwhile, writer Chad Felix Greene explained that the problem was not with the age gap between the film’s lead characters, but with the “larger message” the film sends to LGBT teenagers.
“It is more than just a movie or a book. It is a cultural message to teenagers to seek out adult partners and romanticize relationships they are not yet able to manage,” he writes. “It normalizes the idea to such an extent people cannot grasp why it would be wrong at all. It justifies legality as a measure of morality and it perpetuates the very ‘gay men prey on teens’ stigma LGBT are driven to fight.”
Still others criticized the film for not doing enough with its central relationship.
In his review of the film, The New Yorker‘s Richard Brody criticized Guadagnino for what he called the director’s “blinkered and sanitized point of view.”
“The intimacy of Elio and Oliver is matched by very little cinematic intimacy,” Brody writes. “There are a few brief images of bodies intertwined, some just-offscreen or cannily framed sex, but no real proximity, almost no closeups, no tactile sense, no point of view of either character toward the other.”
Call Me By Your Name opened just before Thanksgiving on four screens and earned $404,874 in its opening weekend, giving the Sony Pictures Classic release the highest per-theater average of 2017.
See the full list of L.A. Film Critics’ Association winners here.



http://www.breitbart.com/big-journalism/2017/12/03/msnbc-host-joy-reid-apologizes-homophobic-posts/
MSNBC Host Joy Reid Apologizes Over ‘Homophobic’ Blog Posts
MSNBC host Joy Reid has apologized after blog posts emerged in which she used homophobic remarks and anti-gay jokes to mock former Florida Gov. Charlie Crist.
In a series of posts written from 2007-2009 on Reid’s former blog ‘The Reid Report” that resurfaced on Twitter, the MSNBC host referred to Crist as “Miss Charlie” and made ungrounded suggestions that he was repressing his true sexuality.
“Stop pretending, brother,” one post read. “It’s okay that you don’t go for the ladies.”
In other postings, Reid also featured Crist under categories about “gay politicians,” and speculated that he married his then-wife Carole Rome to kill rumors that he might be a homosexual and boost his chances of being selected as John McCain’s running mate in the 2008 presidential election.
Crist, who served as a Republican Governor of Florida from 2006 to 2010, has since joined the Democratic Party representing Florida’s 13th congressional district.
Reid apologized for the remarks on Sunday evening, and suggested criticism levelled at her was justified.
“This note is my apology to all who are disappointed by the content of blogs I wrote a decade ago, for which my choice of words and tone have legitimately been criticized. As a writer, I pride myself on a facility with language—an economy of words or at least some wisdom in the selection,” Reid said in a statement provided to TheWrap. “However, that clearly has not always been the case.”
Reid, who remains MSNBC’s national correspondent and a prominent host, has been one of the most unhinged critics of the President Donald Trump, regularly leveling accusations of racism, sexism, and bigotry against him.
In a tweet on Sunday evening, Reid referred to the importance of admitting when you are wrong and promised her followers “more soon” on the issue:



http://www.breitbart.com/california/2017/12/03/police-18-year-old-arrested-admitting-molested-50-children/
Police: 18-Year-Old Arrested After Admitting He Molested More than 50 Children
An 18-year-old man from California has been arrested after he admitted that he molested more than 50 children, police said.
Joseph Hayden Boston, of Lakewood, allegedly confessed to molesting the children over eight years in different cities where he lived after his mother turned him in to the Riverside Police Department early Saturday morning, Fox 11 Los Angeles reports.
Boston’s mother notified a police sergeant at the Magnolia Police Station at 3 a.m. that she wanted to turn her son in for alleged child molestation.
Officers say the suspect called his mother to tell her he had molested a four-year-old and an eight-year-old boy hours earlier.
The woman picked up her son from his location and drove him to the police station, where he allegedly confessed to the officers.
Police said Boston had befriended the two young boys at the Simply Home Inn & Suites, where Boston had been staying.
The children had also been staying at the motel with their parents, who allowed them to go into Boston’s room when the molestation took place.
Boston told his mom what happened just hours after the alleged molestation occurred.
Riverside Police arrested Boston and charged him with several counts of oral copulation on a child under ten years old. He is being held at the Robert Presley Detention Center on $1 million bond.
Investigators say that there may be more victims who have not yet come forward.
“This is going to affect not only the victims for a long time, but also our detectives and officers involved in this—to hear someone just be very open about what they’ve done, and they’re only 18 themselves,” said Officer Ryan Railsback of Riverside police.



http://www.breitbart.com/big-hollywood/2017/12/03/shoe-designer-steve-madden-particularly-upset-over-trumps-rebuke-of-colin-kaepernick/
Shoe Designer Steve Madden ‘Particularly Upset’ Over Trump’s Rebuke of Colin Kaepernick
Shoe designer Steve Madden says he was “particularly upset” by President Donald Trump’s recent criticism of football player Colin Kaepernick, who kicked off a highly publicized wave of protests last year by kneeling during the National Anthem before NFL games.
In an interview with Yahoo News, Madden said that while he is rooting for Trump’s success, he opposed the president’s rebuke of Kaepernick.
“I wish him well, I do,” Madden said. “I disagree with some of the stuff that he does. I wish he was more sensitive to our less fortunate… and the racial stuff. It would be more soothing for the country. I am rooting for him to do well. You know, we’re all in the country.”
“In particular, I was particularly upset about the criticism of Colin Kaepernick,” Madden continued. “I think that his kneeling is very respectful, frankly. And there’s some injustice. And I think the beauty of the National Anthem is that we have the right to express — that’s the beauty of America. That’s what the National Anthem is all about, is that you have the right. This is not a totalitarian country. And you can’t, at the foot of a boot, be forced to salute the flag. That’s the beauty of it.”
Kaepernick, the former quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers, began kneeling during the National Anthem before NFL games in 2016. His protest of the country eventually trickled down to other players and NFL teams kneeling as well during the “Star Spangled Banner.”
In October, Trump said Kaepernick should have been suspended by the NFL for his disrespecting of the U.S., saying “Frankly, the NFL should have suspended him for one game and he would have never done it again.”
“I will tell you cannot disrespect our country, our flag, our anthem,” Trump said. “You cannot do that.”



http://www.breitbart.com/california/2017/12/03/gavin-newsom-2018-antonio-villaraigosa-catches-up-to-in-california-governors-race/
Antonio Villaraigosa Closes Gap with Gavin Newsom in California Governor’s Race
A statewide survey released by the Public Policy Institute of California (PPIC) on Thursday shows Democratic gubernatorial candidates Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom just five points ahead of former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, tightening the race for who will replace soon-to-be termed out Gov. Jerry Brown in 2018.
Newsom is leading with the support of 23 percent of likely voters, according to the new poll. Villaraigosa has support from 18 percent of likely voters. However, the poll found that one third of likely voters were still undecided. The margin of error wsa 3.1%.
The same poll also found that State Treasurer John Chiang, also a Democrat, is in third place with nine percent support from likely voters. He is tied with San Diego businessman John Cox, a Republican. Following them is Republican State Assemblyman Travis Allen, with six percentage points, and finally Democrat Delaine Eastin, a former superintendent of public instruction, with three points.
Allen says he will defund sanctuary cities if he is elected as governor, and has also vowed to undo Gov. Brown’s gas tax.
The Golden State’s relatively new “top two” or “jungle” primary system allows the top two vote-getters to advance to the November runoff, regardless of political party. The San Jose Mercury News noted, “If the Republican candidates continue to poll poorly, that could mean California for the first time in modern history wouldn’t have a Republican candidate for governor on the November ballot, as in its last U.S. Senate race.”
The same poll found that incumbent Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) is winning in her re-election race against California State Senate President pro Tem Kevin de León (D-Los Angeles) ,with 45% of likely voters supporting her, compared with 21 percent backing de León.
In an interview with the Los Angeles Times, PPIC President Mark Baldassare said De León’s biggest challenge is overcoming his lack of name recognition.
“I think it’s a wake-up call for De León,” Baldassare told the Los Angeles Times. “You can be a very high-profile person in Sacramento, but that doesn’t necessary mean that people around the state know who you are.”



http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/12/03/turkey-trial-banker-u-s-violating-gulen-plot/
Turkey: Trial Against Banker in U.S. for Violating Iran Sanctions Is a Gulen Plot
A senior Turkish government minister on Thursday suggested that the New York-based trial of Reza Zarrab, an Iranian-born Turkish business executive who was charged with violating United States sanctions on Iran, is the latest attempt by self-exiled Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen to harm Turkey’s government.
Gulen has been living in exile in Pennsylvania since 1999. The Turkish government accused Gulen of masterminding last summer’s failed coup attempt and has asked the U.S. government to extradite the imam.
According to the Associated Press, Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdag, the spokesman for the Turkish government, told Turkey’s state-run Anadolu News Agency that Zarrab, who is now serving as a witness in the trial, is being pressured to slander Turkey. He suggested that Gulen is behind this.
In September, the U.S. Department of Justice charged Zarrab with “conspiring to use the U.S. financial system to conduct hundreds of millions of dollars’ worth of transactions on behalf of the government of Iran and other Iranian entities, which were barred by United States sanctions.”
On Wednesday, Zarrab reportedly testified in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York that he paid over $50 million in bribes to Turkey’s former finance minister Zafer Caglayan in 2012 in exchange for helping him launder Iranian money and helping the Islamic Republic gain access to international markets.
The Guardian reported that Zarrab told the jurors that “[Turkish President Recep Tayyip] Erdoğan, who was prime minister of Turkey at the time, had personally authorized a transaction on behalf of Iran.” The Guardian further reported that Zarrab “said he had bribed the then Turkish economy minister Zafer Çağlayan and the former head of the state-owned Halkbank.”
Zarrab became a witness after he agreed to plead guilty and testify against his former co-defendant and Turkey-based Halkbank’s former deputy chief, Mehmet Hakan Atilla, who is charged with bribing and providing kickbacks to high-level government officials to help Iran skirt U.S. sanctions.
On Thursday, Halkbank issued a statement negating these allegations, writing, “Our bank has not been a part to any transaction which is uncertain and illegal relating to any country and has not executed any transfer transaction which is uncertain and unlawful.”
“What (Gulen’s movement) was not able to achieve here, it is trying to achieve there (New York),” Bozdag reportedly said. He reportedly added that the trial would not succeed in “destroying the love and respect” the Turkish people have for Erdogan.
The Turkish government claims that the information in the case against Zarrab is fabricated and that it was illegally obtained by members of Gulen’s network, which the Turkish government refers to at FETÖ (Fethullahçı Terör Örgütü) or the Gülenist Terror Organization.
An article published in the pro-Erdogan newspaper the Daily Sabah reads, “As previous links between Richard Berman, the judge presiding over the Zarrab case, and FETO figures emerge, questions loom about his impartiality.”
The publication wrote that Berman went to Istanbul, Turkey on an all-expenses-paid trip subsidized by the Yüksel Karkın Küçük Attorney Partnership, which is linked to Gulen’s organization, “after the failure of the FETÖ-led Dec. 17-25 2013 operations, the so-called ‘corruption inquiry’ which was a plot perpetrated by the FETÖ to topple the democratically-elected government.”
The Daily Sabah goes on to note that “in the symposium, Berman targeted the ruling Justice and Development Party (AK Party) government and claimed that Turkey was governed by a ‘one man rule’ and suggested that the current administration must be changed—ideas which were consistently propagated by FETÖ supporters. Berman even criticized the dismissal of FETÖ-linked judges, prosecutors and police officers over unlawful wiretapping charges.”



http://www.breitbart.com/video/2017/12/03/gop-sen-collins-special-counsel-muellers-investigation-clearly-bearing-fruit/
GOP Sen Collins: Special Counsel Mueller’s Investigation ‘Clearly Is Bearing Fruit’
Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME) said FBI special counsel Robert Mueller’s Russia probe is “bearing fruit.”
Collins said, “The special counsel’s investigation clearly is bearing fruit, as we’ve seen with the guilty plea with General Flynn. And we have the Senate Intelligence Committee investigation, which is a different kind of investigation, a counterintelligence investigation, and we’re also making progress.”



http://www.breitbart.com/sports/2017/12/02/the-last-time-a-manning-not-an-nfl-starter-google-did-not-exist-and-the-twin-towers-did/
The Last Time a Manning Not an NFL Starter Google Did Not Exist and the Twin Towers Did
For the first time in more than 19 years, a Manning does not reign atop the quarterback depth chart for an NFL franchise.
Since Peyton Manning lined up behind center for the Indianapolis Colts in a losing effort against the Miami Dolphins on September 6, 1998, a Manning—Peyton or Eli—has started at quarterback for an NFL team. Peyton’s run of consecutive starts ended in early 2011 before starting up again (and ending in a more pleasant way than Eli’s). Little Brother’s run lasted from November 21, 2004, until, well, Sunday, when Geno Smith starts in his stead for the New York Giants. It’s not exactly Lou Gehrig beating out Wally Pipp for the starting job, is it?
How long ago did this Manning-Manning run begin?
When Peyton Manning took his first regular season NFL snap, Tuesday’s with Morrie (a book with Manning-like staying power) sat atop the New York Times bestsellers list. Two days earlier Sergey Brin and Larry Page started Google. In other words, the last time a Manning didn’t sit atop an NFL QB depth chart, Google did not exist. Think on that. The number-one movie in the country when the Colts first called Peyton their number-one quarterback was There’s Something About Mary, a movie featuring a memorable cameo from another Hall of Famer with amazing durability. His name? Brett Farvrer.
ProFootballTalk’s Michael David Smith puts Eli’s historic run in perspective. He writes:
while the Giants have started just one quarterback over the last 210 games of regular-season football, the Browns have started a preposterous 24.
Manning’s streak began on November 21, 2004, when he was called upon to start in place of the struggling Kurt Warner. On that day the Browns started Jeff Garcia at quarterback in a 10-7 loss to the Jets. Garcia was hurt in that game and replaced by Kelly Holcomb, who would start the next week. Holcomb himself started only one week before he was replaced by Luke McCown. So just three games into Manning’s streak, the Browns had already started three different quarterbacks.
It didn’t get much better after that. Here’s the full list of quarterbacks who have started for the Browns during the same time that the Giants have started only one quarterback: Jeff Garcia, Kelly Holcomb, Luke McCown, Trent Dilfer, Charlie Frye, Derek Anderson, Ken Dorsey, Brady Quinn, Bruce Gradkowski, Colt McCoy, Jake Delhomme, Seneca Wallace, Brandon Weeden, Thaddeus Lewis, Jason Campbell, Brian Hoyer, Johnny Manziel, Connor Shaw, Josh McCown, Austin Davis, Robert Griffin III, Cody Kessler, DeShone Kizer, Kevin Hogan.
During that 13-year span, Eli Manning won two Super Bowls and earned four Pro Bowl nods. A Manning not playing, like the league itself these days, strikes as something out of The Twilight Zone. Joe Namath in a Rams uniform shakes his head. Johnny Unitas wearing Charger blue joins him. It ain’t right.
But the NFL, we recall, stands for Not For Long. Eli learned that the hard way, and now the man so used to riding high rides the pine.
A 2-9 record tends to have that effect on a man—even a Manning.



http://www.breitbart.com/video/2017/12/03/cnns-tapper-president-prone-twisting-truth/
CNN’s Tapper: The President Is ‘Prone to Twisting the Truth’
Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” host Jake Tapper said President Donald Trump ” was prone to twisting the truth when defending himself.”
Tapper said, “This morning President Trump is focused squarely on discrediting the Russia investigation. He was up rather early, sending his first tweet at 6:15 Eastern about former FBI Director, James Comey, saying, ‘I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more fake news covering another Comey lie!’ The President, of course, is prone to twisting the truth when defending himself.”
He added “Let’s be clear, Comey said in his sworn testimony, under oath, based on contemporaneous notes he took and shared with close advisers, that the President privately told him, ‘I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go. He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go.’ Now, this all comes after President Trump’s former National Security Adviser, Michael Flynn, pleaded guilty Friday to lying to the FBI about his contacts with the Russian ambassador.”



http://www.breitbart.com/video/2017/12/03/bossie-not-scintilla-russian-collusion-trump-campaign/
Bossie: There Was Not a ‘Scintilla of Russian Collusion’ During the Trump Campaign
Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Citizen United president and former Trump deputy campaign manager David Bossie, a co-author along with former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski of the book “Let Trump Be Trump,” said there was not a “scintilla of Russian collusion” during the 2016 presidential campaign.
When host Chuck Todd asked if he witnessed any Russian interaction Bossie said, “Not even one. This investigation has been going on for a long time, and I just don’t put out there that there is a scintilla of Russian collusion. This president, then the candidate — that was not part of the campaign.”
He continued. “I never saw a Russian. I never saw a Russian at Trump Tower. I never had any interactions with one. I was never on an email about one.”



http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/12/03/obama-laments-absence-of-american-leadership-on-climate-change-in-address-to-french/
Obama Laments ‘Absence of American Leadership’ on Climate Change in Address to French
Former president Barack Obama took advantage of a Paris address Saturday to take a veiled dig at his successor, President Donald Trump, telling his audience that “we have a temporary absence of American leadership” on climate change.
Obama was speaking before a group of some 800 French CEOS, celebrities and public officials at an invitation-only conference in France called the Napoleons, where he lamented the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate accord, an agreement he had signed in 2015.
Asked about his three greatest fears, the former president listed climate change in the first place, followed by nuclear proliferation and a possible global pandemic like the Spanish flu magnified by the development of air transport
Mr. Obama didn’t limit his criticisms of Mr. Trump—while never mentioning his name—to the area of global warming, but also worked in oblique references to the President’s use of social media. Obama reportedly drew laughter from the audience when he said he had more followers than others “who use it more often.”
Mr. Obama praised the efforts of individual U.S. states and cities aimed at reducing carbon emissions, and said that America is still on track to meet climate goals set in past agreements.
During his first international trip as president last May, Mr. Trump underscored a different set of priorities.
In a meeting with the G7 nations in Taormina, Sicily, the President shifted discussions away from climate change to what he declared to be the most critical issue facing the world, namely Islamic terrorism.
Just days before, the President European addressed 55 world leaders from Arab and other Muslim-majority nations in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. In that speech, Trump called for unity in pursuing “the one goal that transcends every other consideration. That goal is to meet history’s great test—to conquer extremism and vanquish the forces of terrorism.”
Back in the U.S., President Trump gave a speech in the Rose Garden after deciding to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord. The Climate Accord, Trump stated, “is simply the latest example of Washington entering into an agreement that disadvantages the United States to the exclusive benefit of other countries.”
The agreement would have left American workers and taxpayers to “absorb the cost in terms of lost jobs, lower wages, shuttered factories, and vastly diminished economic production,” he said.
“Thus, as of today, the United States will cease all implementation of the non-binding Paris Accord and the draconian financial and economic burdens the agreement imposes on our country,” he said.



http://www.breitbart.com/video/2017/12/03/dem-sen-warner-gop-tax-bill-friday-single-worst-day-us-senator/
Dem Sen Warner on GOP Tax Bill: ‘Friday Was My Single Worst Day as a US Senator’
Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union,” Sen. Mark Warner (D-VA) said Friday was his “single worst day as a U.S. Senator,” in reaction to the Republican tax bill passing
Warner said, “I was saying, Friday was my single worst day as a U.S. Senator because, as somebody who wanted to be part of tax reform and realizes we need to have a more competitive corporate rate, and realizes we need to bring back some of those American profits, three things about this whole process that just plain stunk. This was swamp 101. The process on Friday night, where the bill was being hand-drafted, lots of provisions were being included for special interests.”
He added, “As somebody who’s been passionate about not adding to our already $20 trillion in debt, this bill, I believe, will add over $2 trillion to the debt. Even with whatever growth comes can from these tax cuts.”



http://www.breitbart.com/video/2017/12/03/collins-support-gop-tax-bill-want-see-comes-conference-committee/
Collins on Support for GOP Tax Bill: I Want to See What Comes Out of Conference Committee
Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME) said she would have to see what comes out of a conference committee with the House before committing to voting for the final version of Republican tax bill.
Partial transcript as follows:
TODD: Your comfortable with your vote on this tax bill and is it there really no matter what comes out of conference?
COLLINS: No, I mean obviously I want to see what comes out. I believe that the amendments I added on medical expense deductions, on property tax deductions, on helping retirement security for employees improve the bill. I got a commitment that we’re going to pass two bills, including the Alexander/Murray bill and one I’ve authored that will help offset the individual mandate repeal by lowing premiums. And I also got an iron clad commitment we’re not going to see cuts in the Medicaid/Medicare program as a result of this bill.



http://www.breitbart.com/video/2017/12/03/feinstein-russia-probe-beginning-see-case-obstruction-justice/
Feinstein on Russia Probe: We Are Beginning to See a ‘Case of Obstruction of Justice’
Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) said in the investigation headed by special counsel Robert Mueller that we were “beginning to see of the putting together of a case of obstruction of justice.”
Feinstein said, “I would begin by saying this, as you know, I’m ranking on Judiciary, and the Judiciary Committee has an investigation going as well. It involves obstruction of justice. I think what we’re beginning to see of the putting together of a case of obstruction of justice. I think we see this in the indictments, the four indictments and pleas that have just taken place and some of the comments that are being made. I see it in the hyper phonetic attitude of the White House, the comments, the continual Tweets. And I see it most important in what happened with the firing of Director Comey, and it is my belief that that is directly because he did not agree to lift the cloud of the Russia investigation. That’s obstruction of justice.”
She added, “I would assume that many in the White House are under investigation in this. I would assume, you know, I do not believe that General Flynn was a rogue agent.”



http://www.breitbart.com/video/2017/12/03/feinstein-impeachment-concern-trumps-ability-job-rises-day/
Feinstein on Impeachment: My Concern About Trump’s Ability to Do His Job ‘Rises by the Day’
Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” when asked about the possible impeachment of President Donald Trump, Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) said her concern about Trump’s ability to perform his duties “rises with the day.”
Partial transcript as follows:
FEINSTEIN: the concern rises with the day. the concern about this White House –
TODD:  The concern about the president? Your concern about this president’s ability to dot job rises by the day?
FEINSTEIN: Oh, yes. oh, yes. I’ve been here for 25 years now. There is a kind of instability, unpredictability. It’s one issue after the other. We’ve got major problems in the world with our allies now, in the Middle eCast, with North Korea, it goes on and on. And I think that this president is just precipitating more and more angst that’s going to lead to serious discord.



http://www.breitbart.com/video/2017/12/03/lindsey-graham-trump-tweet-comments-criminal-investigations-peril/
Lindsey Graham to Trump: You Tweet Comments on Criminal Investigations ‘At Your Own Peril’
Sunday on CBS’s  “Face the Nation,” Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) said President Donald Trump should “be careful” about tweeting during an ongoing criminal investigation.
Graham said, “[I] think Comey needs to answer questions as his time as director. I think he made some decisions that were really very, very wrong. I would just say this to the president there is an ongoing criminal investigation, Comey may be part of it. You tweeted comment ongoing criminal investigations at your own peril. I’d be careful If I were you, Mr. President. I’d watch this.”
