http://www.cnn.com/2017/12/04/politics/obstruction-of-justice-president/index.html
Trump lawyer says a president can't 'obstruct justice.' Can that be true?
The new assertion of Donald Trump's lawyer that a president can never be guilty of obstructing justice because he is the country's top law enforcement officer recalls Richard Nixon's remark that "when the president does it, that means it is not illegal," and intensifies debate over whether a sitting president can be indicted.

WH lawyer told Trump that Flynn misled FBI and Pence
WH lawyer told Trump that Flynn misled FBI and Pence
Whether a president can be criminally charged -- for any offense -- has never been tested in the courts. But presidents have been subject to obstruction-of-justice charges in impeachment proceedings. And there is no question that a president can be removed for, as the US Constitution dictates, any "high crimes and misdemeanors."
Unlike a criminal case heard by a judge or jury, impeachment is a political process that comes down to votes: a majority in the US House of Representatives to impeach and a two-thirds vote of the US Senate to convict. Yet both sets of proceedings can follow the kind of special counsel investigation now underway. Comparisons to the Nixon scandal have been rife recent months. In Watergate, Nixon was not criminally charged but was named as an unindicted co-conspirator and pressured to resign with impeachment charges looming.

The deal between special counsel Robert Mueller and Trump's former national security adviser Michael Flynn ramped up controversy over whether Trump had known Flynn had lied to the FBI, as Flynn pleaded guilty to last Friday, and perhaps tried to interfere with the federal investigation of Flynn. Former FBI Director James Comey, who oversaw the Department of Justice probe related to Russia interference in the 2016 election before being fired by Trump in May, said Trump had asked him to stop pursuing Flynn.
A Trump tweet on Saturday suggested Trump knew before that request to Comey that Flynn had lied when he was fired. If so, that could increase the possibility that Trump was trying to impede Comey's pursuit of Flynn's potentially criminal behavior.
With that new storm brewing, Trump's personal lawyer John Dowd told Axios that "the President cannot obstruct justice because he is the chief law enforcement officer (under the Constitution's Article II) and has every right to express his view of any case."
But the Constitution is silent on the issue. And since Nixon and Watergate, lawyers inside and outside the executive branch have debated whether a president may be criminally prosecuted.
Trump&#39;s personal lawyer claims the President can&#39;t obstruct justice
Trump's personal lawyer claims the President can't obstruct justice
In the early 1970s, Nixon was involved in the cover-up of a June 1972 break-in at the Democratic Party headquarters in the Watergate building. His denials of any wrongdoing dramatically undercut when White House tapes of related conversations were discovered. Nixon resigned in August 1974, shortly after the US Supreme Court ruled he had to turn over the tapes to a special prosecutor.
Later in 1977, in a series of interviews with journalist David Frost, he remarked that when "the president does it, that means it is not illegal." The comment, addressing national security and broader presidential power, has been one of the most startling and enduring from those televised interviews.
During Watergate, the Department of Justice's Office of Legal Counsel concluded that criminal prosecution of a sitting president would undermine the executive's duty to carry out his constitutional duties. In 2000, the office reiterated that 1973 position that the Constitution forbids the indictment or criminal prosecution of a sitting president.
Still, lawyers then and now say the real answer would rest with the courts, and some lawyers argue that since the Constitution does not address the question, the US Supreme Court could ultimately find that the president was not above prosecution.
Nixon's threatened impeachment, as well as President Bill Clinton's actual impeachment in 1998, both began with reports from special prosecutors in roles such as Mueller's. Obstruction-of-justice charges were leveled in both cases.
In the Clinton ordeal, the Republican-dominated House of Representatives passed two articles of impeachment in December 1998 related to obstruction of justice and perjury. The Senate acquitted Clinton in February 1999 after the chamber fell short of the two-thirds majority required for conviction. The only other US president to be impeached, Andrew Johnson in 1868, was similarly not convicted by the Senate.
So far Mueller has charged Flynn and three other individuals from the Trump campaign with crimes -- former campaign chairman Paul Manafort and his deputy on the campaign Rick Gates were indicted (both have pleaded not guilty), and a plea deal was reached with former adviser George Papadopoulos.
It is not known whether Mueller is building a case against the president and whether he would be inclined to put it before a criminal court rather than the House of Representatives.
Obstruction of justice, which Trump lawyer Dowd mentioned, is a federal offense that arises when someone tries to "influence, obstruct, or impede" the "due administration of justice." A key question is whether the President or any defendant acted with a corrupt intent.
Much of the criticism of Trump's actions related to the Russia probe go back to February when Trump asked Comey to drop the Flynn investigation and then fired him.
Whether that or any of the President's other actions would offer sufficient grounds for an obstruction-of-justice conviction could rest with a court, or it may turn out, only with the two chambers of Congress.



http://www.cnn.com/2017/12/04/politics/peter-strzok-james-comey/index.html
FBI agent dismissed from Mueller probe changed Comey's description of Clinton to 'extremely careless'
A former top counterintelligence expert at the FBI, now at the center of a political uproar for exchanging private messages that appeared to mock President Donald Trump, changed a key phrase in former FBI Director James Comey's description of how former secretary of state Hillary Clinton handled classified information, according to US officials familiar with the matter.

Electronic records show Peter Strzok, who led the investigation of Hillary Clinton's private email server as the No. 2 official in the counterintelligence division, changed Comey's earlier draft language describing Clinton's actions as "grossly negligent" to "extremely careless," the sources said.
The drafting process was a team effort, CNN is told, with a handful of people reviewing the language as edits were made, according to another US official familiar with the matter.
FBI agent removed from Mueller investigation over anti-Trump messages
FBI agent removed from Mueller investigation over anti-Trump messages
The shift from "grossly negligent" to "extremely careless," which may appear pedestrian at first glance, reflected a decision by the FBI that could have had potentially significant legal implications, as the federal law governing the mishandling of classified material establishes criminal penalties for "gross negligence."

Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, raised questions over why the change was made after receiving documents from the FBI last month, but the identity of who was behind the edit has not been reported until now.
RELATED: Source explains why Comey didn't use 'grossly negligent' to describe Clinton
CNN has also learned that Strzok was the FBI official who signed the document officially opening an investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election, according to sources familiar with the matter. As the No. 2 official in counterintelligence, Strzok was considered to be one of the bureau's top experts on Russia.
But the news of Strzok's direct role in the statement that ultimately cleared the former Democratic presidential candidate of criminal wrongdoing, now combined with the fact that he was dismissed from special counsel Robert Mueller's team after exchanging private messages with an FBI lawyer that could be seen as favoring Clinton politically, may give ammunition to those seeking ways to discredit Mueller's Russia investigation.
The FBI and the Justice Department declined to comment.
Trump slams DOJ and FBI in weekend tweetstorm
Trump slams DOJ and FBI in weekend tweetstorm
CNN reported in November that Comey and his FBI colleagues were "playing with the language" throughout the process of drafting Comey's statement on Clinton, believing that they needed to condemn the former secretary of state's handling of classified information, while also making clear they would not recommend criminal charges, according to a source familiar with the FBI decision.
Comey ultimately called Clinton's conduct "extremely careless," but said "no reasonable prosecutor" would pursue charges based on the evidence.
"Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information," Comey said back in July 2016.
Grassley said that documents the FBI provided to the Senate Judiciary Committee in November included an earlier draft of Comey's exoneration statement from May 2016, which stated: "There is evidence to support a conclusion that Secretary Clinton, and others, used the private email server in a manner that was grossly negligent with respect to the handling of classified material."
Grassley then asked for the electronic "metadata," which would include "who created the original drafts, who made the edits to the draft statement, and when those edits were made."
Sources familiar with the requests tell CNN that Grassley has received the metadata, but he wants the FBI to provide further explanation about the changes.



http://www.cnn.com/2017/12/04/health/nuedexta-doctors-payments-invs/index.html
Drugmaker paid doctors with problem records to promote its pill
One physician had his prescription pad taken away after he repeatedly failed tests assessing his competency.

Another was banned from treating mentally ill inmates and accused of endangering nursing home patients by prescribing excessive dosages of medications. 
At least three others had criminal convictions for illegal prescribing.
Avanir Pharmaceuticals paid nearly 500 doctors to speak or consult on its drug, Nuedexta, between 2013 and 2016, according to government data. Through a review of the top prescribers and top paid physicians in this group, CNN identified a dozen who have been disciplined by state medical boards. These offenses included the harmful treatment of nursing home residents and "grossly negligent acts" involving the inappropriate prescribing of dangerous and addictive drugs -- resulting in probation, suspension, fines and revoked licenses.
Original investigation: The little red pill being pushed on the elderly
Nuedexta is approved by the Food and Drug Administration to treat a rare condition marked by uncontrollable laughing and crying, called pseudobulbar affect (PBA). But in a recent investigation, CNN found repeated examples where state regulators discovered doctors had prescribed Nuedexta to dementia patients, purportedly for PBA, when it was actually being used to control unruly behaviors. This medication has experienced a massive jump in sales in recent years, propelled by prescriptions to nursing home residents for whom the drug may not be necessary or even safe. After CNN's initial report, the Los Angeles city attorney announced that it was launching a probe into Avanir, examining whether the company broke state or federal laws in the sale, marketing or prescribing of Nuedexta. The city attorney said it will likely examine certain doctors paid by the company as part of this.
They are basically being signed up as a sales force.
MICHAEL SANTORO, SANTA CLARA UNIVERSITY PROFESSOR

Former Avanir employees say that the company's speaker program, where Avanir seeks out physicians and pharmacists to present about the drug to everyone from medical colleagues to nursing home employees and administrators, has been essential to its growing success. 
Between 2013 and 2016, Avanir and its parent company, Otsuka, paid doctors nearly $14 million for Nuedexta-related consulting, promotional speaking and other services, according to government data. Paying doctors for promotional speaking is legal and is defended as a way for experts in their fields to share important experience and information about medications, but it's long been a controversial practice.  
When asked about the doctors CNN identified as having disciplinary records, Avanir said in a statement that it works with experienced and knowledgeable doctors to "advance effective treatment options for people suffering from central nervous system disorders," a category that includes Alzheimer's disease.
The company noted that it complies with all legal requirements when doing this and said it has a system in place to screen the physicians it works with.
Avanir Pharmaceuticals, based in Aliso Viejo, California, is the maker of Nuedexta.
Avanir Pharmaceuticals, based in Aliso Viejo, California, is the maker of Nuedexta.
"Our medical department has in place a robust physician-verification system, which we continually work to refine, to determine if a physician has been disbarred, accurately represented his or her qualifications, and continues to maintain his or her fitness for practice," Avanir said in a statement. "We also rely on the judgments of medical boards, who have responsibility for determining whether a physician is fit to practice and may maintain a medical license. We stand proudly by our work and are dedicated to the patients we serve."
At least one of Avanir's speakers is currently under federal government investigation, accused of accepting kickbacks in exchange for prescribing Nuedexta. 
According to a letter obtained by CNN, the federal government is investigating Cleveland neurologist Deepak Raheja for fraudulently diagnosing patients with PBA in order to secure Medicare coverage for off-label use and increasing dosages of Nuedexta beyond what is recommended. The letter, circulated by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) earlier this year, alerted insurance providers that work with Medicare to the fraud allegations so that they could take "appropriate measures."
What should we investigate next?

Email Blake Ellis and Melanie Hicken

The Office of Inspector General for the Department of Health and Human Services confirmed there is an active investigation into Raheja, but declined further comment. Raheja denied that he had received kickbacks or been involved in any kind of Medicare fraud in his 25 years of practice. According to government data, Raheja received nearly $300,000 in payments for speaking about Nuedexta, as well as meals and travel, from the drugmaker between 2013 and 2016.
The Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, which represents drugmakers across the country, said companies should strive to work with speakers who meet ethical and professional standards. "In the rare instance where there is an outlier," the group said on its website, "companies take corrective action."
City of Los Angeles opens probe into drugmaker following CNN report
Academics interviewed by CNN who have researched pharmaceutical payments and industry ethics said physicians associated with research institutions -- and even some strict private practices -- are typically barred by their employers from these relationships entirely, and there is a concern that those doctors willing to accept large amounts of money from pharmaceutical companies will tend to be more likely to put financial incentives ahead of patient care.    

Is your doctor being paid by a drug company? 02:18
Michael Santoro, a Santa Clara University professor and an expert in pharmaceutical industry ethics, said the use of doctors with these kinds of pasts is problematic, calling it a "scheme" used by the company to sell more pills.
"The doctors who are being paid are obviously not scientific leaders," he said. "They are not practitioner leaders either, it would appear. They are basically being signed up as a sales force. Even those who would advocate a strong view of the propriety of paying thought leaders would not approve of these kinds of payments."
Avanir said it "vehemently oppose(s) any mischaracterization" of its interactions with physicians and other members of the medical community, explaining that these relationships are ethical and are used as a way to share important information and raise awareness of medical conditions and treatments that could help patients.
Drugmaker's ties to nonprofits pose 'conflict of interest'
And while many of the medical board issues identified by CNN among Avanir speakers involved the prescribing of powerful opioids and psychotropics, one case centers on the use of Nuedexta.
Oregon physician Robert Tilley had already been banned from providing mental health treatment to inmates when he was summoned to face the state medical board yet again -- this time for his prescribing of Nuedexta, among other concerns regarding his care of four nursing home patients.
Our medical department has in place a robust physician-verification system...
AVANIR PHARMACEUTICALS

This complaint, filed in 2016 by the Oregon Medical Board, accused Tilley of attempting to prescribe the medication to a 66-year-old nursing home resident when there was no support for a PBA diagnosis.  
Tilley's attempt to initiate treatment of a patient with Nuedexta when it was not medically needed, the board stated, "constitutes gross or repeated acts of negligence and subjected patient A to the risk of harm."   
The state's complaint also alleged that Tilley had placed these patients in danger by inappropriately prescribing medications, altering dosages and discontinuing drugs, without explaining the rationale.
One of his patients, a 68-year-old man who suffered from schizophrenia and was on dialysis, died after Tilley unnecessarily doubled his methadone and prescribed him an additional opioid, according to the medical board complaint. Another patient, a 62-year-old, wheelchair-bound man with dementia, ended up being treated for an overdose in the emergency room after Tilley prescribed him a powerful cocktail of opioids and other drugs. When the patient returned to the nursing home, Tilley then prescribed the same patient "excessive dosages" of methadone, in addition to an opioid and a benzodiazepine, the medical board stated.
Despite these allegations involving nursing home patients and Nuedexta use, his active ban from treating prisoners, and at least four separate malpractice lawsuit settlements, government data shows Tilley was being paid by Avanir to speak publicly about Nuedexta.  
Tilley received $22,125 in speaking payments, travel and meals from Avanir between 2015 and 2016. He was also one of Nuedexta's top Medicare prescribers in 2015, writing hundreds of prescriptions for more than 50 patients (adding up to more than $200,000), according to government data.  
How much is your doctor getting paid by drug companies?
Tilley said he has been unfairly targeted by the state medical board after complaints were filed against him because of personal vendettas. He denied any wrongdoing, and said he would never overprescribe a medication or otherwise harm a patient. "If I were incompetent, why would they be letting me practice?" he said, noting that the board actions had not resulted in the revocation of his license.
He blamed the death of his patient referenced in the board's complaint on the nursing home, which he said took the resident to other physicians who prescribed narcotics on top of the methadone that Tilley had administered.
He also said he became a speaker for Avanir only after he had already been prescribing Nuedexta and had seen some success with it in his patients. He said that he never broke any laws and that he only prescribed Nuedexta if they suffered from PBA or he thought it could benefit them, noting that it had far fewer side effects than dangerous antipsychotic medications often used to treat these patients. He also said that he carefully monitored for side effects and would discontinue Nuedexta if it didn't seem to be working. He said he generally stopped the medication for about half of the patients he put on the drug.
The 2016 complaint about the prescribing of Nuedexta and other drugs in nursing homes is still pending, meaning there has not yet been a final board action or finding of wrongdoing. He also denied the charges against him regarding his improper treatment of prisoners, though he settled the case. Tilley said he has since retired from practicing medicine altogether and that he gave his most recent and final presentation on Nuedexta earlier this year.
Offenses included the harmful treatment of nursing home residents and "grossly negligent acts" involving the inappropriate prescribing of dangerous and addictive drugs.
Most of the Nuedexta speakers identified by CNN with medical board actions were reprimanded for their treatment of the elderly, excessive or illegal prescribing practices, or insurance fraud.
State prosecutors accused Florida psychiatrist Gregg Friedman of billing the Medicaid program more than $1 million, for example, saying that much of the money was for patient visits that never happened. In 2000, he was charged with felony grand theft and "organized scheme to defraud," in addition to 18 counts of Medicaid fraud. CNN wasn't able to determine the resolution of his criminal case because the records were destroyed under state retention laws. But the state medical board took action, suspending Friedman's license and putting him on probation for five years. He settled the case without admitting guilt.
Friedman, who has traveled around the country at Avanir's expense long after he was disciplined by the board, received hundreds of payments from Avanir and Otsuka between 2013 and 2016 -- totaling nearly $200,000. When reached by CNN reporters by phone, Friedman hung up after being asked about his work with Nuedexta. He did not respond to subsequent requests for comment.
CNN identified other doctors who had clean records when they started speaking for Avanir, but landed in trouble while working for the company.
Sign up to receive updates about this and other CNN investigations
New Jersey psychiatrist Dinesh Patel appeared to have an untarnished record until he came under investigation by the state in March last year, and was found to have inappropriately kept a patient on lithium for more than a decade. But even after being placed on probation by the state medical board for "gross negligence" in the treatment of this patient, who ultimately suffered kidney failure, Patel continued to receive thousands of dollars in speaking payments from Avanir and Otsuka. Government data shows a payment was made to him as recently as November 2016 (though it's unclear when that speech was made), and Patel received almost $80,000 from Avanir between 2013 and 2016 -- most of which was for speaking.
As part of Patel's probation with the medical board, he was ordered to complete a comprehensive assessment of his skills, and failed three different exams about psychiatry, ethics and the therapeutic uses and effects of drugs. After that, the medical board demanded in November of 2016 that he stop all prescribing -- limiting him to only verbal psychiatry.  
Even after completing recommended education and retaking the exams, he failed all three again and proceeded to permanently retire from medical practice (without admission of wrongdoing) and voluntarily retire his New Jersey medical license in July of 2017. 
Patel declined to comment for this story, but he did confirm that he is no longer a practicing psychiatrist.
Avanir confirmed that the company no longer has "contractual" relationships with Patel, Friedman or Tilley.



http://www.cnn.com/2017/12/04/us/american-nazis-post-flyers-trnd/index.html
American Nazis post bigoted flyers on SMU campus
The Texas chapter of an American Nazi group says its members were just trying to help stop the opioid epidemic. Their signs tell a very different message.

"White men! Save your people. Reject the opioid beast!" one sign reads; two masked men stand in front, giving a Nazi salute.
Another reads, "misplaced pride," and is accompanied by false statistics about gay men.

The Texas chapter of the white supremacist, Nazi group Vanguard America is claiming responsibility for the flyers. Its leader says he's a Dallas-area college student in his early 20s but declines to identify himself further.
The Anti-Defamation League lists Vanguard America as a white supremacist group. The leader of the Texas chapter, Texas Vanguard, told CNN he is a white supremacist.
When asked by CNN whether his state chapter and Vanguard America are American Nazis, the organizer said, "We are a national socialist group, so yeah."
Vanguard America's leader, Dillon Irizarry, told CNN Monday that he and his group are not white supremacists, nor are they American Nazis.
"I care for my ethnicity above any others," said Irizarry, who identifies as a "national socialist/fascist" and believes the United States should be an exclusively white nation.
The unidentified Texas chapter leader claims he and four other members put up about 10 flyers and one banner on Southern Methodist University's campus in Dallas on Saturday evening. He says none of the participants attend SMU and that they chose it instead of their own colleges because it is a "bigger and more liberal place."
He claims to have posted similar flyers at almost a dozen other colleges in Texas since February.
In explaining why he began posting flyers on college campuses, the individual said he "got tired of being a keyboard warrior."
Now, under cover of darkness, he posts racist, homophobic and anti-Semitic flyers on these college campuses.
"While SMU strongly supports freedom of speech and expression, the outside group featured on these signs promotes an abhorrent message that is opposite to SMU values," said university president R. Gerald Turner.
Campus police investigating the incident released surveillance footage showing five people putting up the flyers. They asked any members of the public who have information about the five to call campus police at 214-768-3333.
Some SMU students on Twitter called the group's postings cowardly. When asked to respond, the organizer said their actions were "not cowardly" and that he actually hoped to recruit more members with the flyers.
The group is already recruiting online through social media and its website.
Both Texas Vanguard and Vanguard America have Twitter accounts; they actively push out messages full of Nazi symbolism, racism, homophobia and anti-Semitism.
At the time of this article's publication -- despite the nature of the sites -- the accounts were still active, despite Twitter's rules prohibiting hate speech. Twitter did not respond to CNN's request for comment.
Those accounts direct users to Vanguard America's website, which has an application for membership to the group.  "We have no room for cowards and hobbyists," reads part of its racist and anti-Semitic introduction message, which references "bloodthirsty negroes" and "childraping politicians and their Jewish puppet masters."
Dynadot, which hosts the Vanguard America site, did not respond for comment on this article. At the time of this article's publication, the website was still active.



http://www.cnn.com/2017/12/04/health/cocaine-opioids-fatal-overdoses-study/index.html
Cocaine deaths among blacks on par with opioid deaths among whites, study finds
The American opioid crisis is only part of an overall drug abuse emergency. Cocaine-related overdose deaths among non-Hispanic blacks are on par with overdose deaths caused by heroin and prescription opioids among whites, according to a study published Monday in the medical journal Annals of Internal Medicine.

"Numerous US national surveillance studies and media reports have highlighted an alarming rise in drug poisoning deaths in recent years," said Meredith Shiels, a co-author of the study and an investigator at the National Cancer Institute. However, most of the studies focus on opioid-related deaths, including prescription painkillers, heroin and fentanyl. They also tend to emphasize the fact that death rates are "rising most rapidly among white Americans," she said.
Some opioid addiction drugs harder to start than others, study finds
Some opioid addiction drugs harder to start than others, study finds
The researchers, from the National Institute on Drug Abuse and the National Cancer Institute, found that cocaine overdoses also killed Hispanics and whites over the time period studied.
Content by Kenneth Cole
South Side Legacy
Breaking the cycle for young fathers in Chicago’s South Side
But the new study reveals the increasing rates of drug overdose deaths among black and Hispanic Americans.
"These increases have received less attention," Shiels said.
Overdose deaths rise 5.5% each year
According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 16,849 Americans died due to an overdose in 1999, and in 2015, the number of overdose fatalities reached 52,404. Overall, rates of overdose deaths increased by 5.5% per year between 1999 and 2015. Most of that increase has been attributed to opioid-related deaths among white persons.
Opioid Crisis Fast Facts
Opioid Crisis Fast Facts
To understand drug trends in fatal overdoses, the researchers looked at data from 2000 through 2015. National statistics on drug overdose deaths are based on information from death certificates.
Increases in overdose deaths were seen across all age groups of whites and Hispanics, yet rising rates were most pronounced among older black men (50 or older) and older black women (45 or older).
Opioid crisis: Childhood friends die on same day, half a mile apart
Opioid crisis: Childhood friends die on same day, half a mile apart
Cocaine was the largest contributor to overdose deaths among black men and women. Cocaine-related deaths peaked between 2004 and 2007, declined between 2008 and 2011, and then increased again between 2012 and 2015 among blacks, whites and Hispanics. But, the largest recent increase in overdose deaths for black and Hispanic people was due to heroin.
However, Shiels said, there were also increases due to natural or semisynthetic opioids (such as morphine and oxycodone), benzodiazepines (such as Valium and Xanax), synthetic opioids (such as fentanyl) and psychostimulants (such as methamphetamine) among blacks and Hispanics.
This is fentanyl: A visual guide
This is fentanyl: A visual guide
"There were too few drug overdose deaths among Asian-Americans to be able to draw meaningful conclusions about mortality rates by drug type, so this group was omitted," Shiels said.
The researchers also compared data from 2000 through 2003 with data from 2012 through 2015. Among blacks, total overdose death rates increased from 6.1 per 100,000 people for the earlier period to 9 per 100,000 people for the later period; among Hispanics from 4.2 per 100,000 to 6 per 100,000; and among whites from 5.6 per 100,000 to 15.5 per 100,000.
"In the most recent years studied, 2012 to 2015, cocaine overdose deaths were almost as common in black men as prescription opioid deaths in white men and slightly more common in black women than deaths from heroin overdose in white women," Shiels said.
Opioid commission: We need drug courts, not prisons, for abusers
Opioid commission: We need drug courts, not prisons, for abusers
The percentage of overdose deaths not attributed to a specific drug (as recorded on death certificates) between 2000 and 2003 and 2012 and 2015 varied across groups: 14% and 16%, respectively, for black people; 14% and 16%, respectively, for Hispanic people, and 25% and 21%, respectively, for white people.
Overall, about 20% of death certificates reporting an unintentional overdose are missing information about the drug that caused the death, the researchers said.
'Widely available' drugs
"Drug poisoning deaths can be classified as unintentional, suicide, homicide or undetermined intent," Shiels explained. "As unintentional poisonings make up the vast majority of poisoning deaths (about 80%), it is likely that some of the deaths classified as 'undetermined intent' are also unintentional overdoses."
These blurry lines mean the total number of fatal overdoses may be underestimated across the United States, she said.
Though correctly estimating cause of death may be a challenge, it is less difficult to explain the increase in fatal overdoses.
Coast Guard seizes 26.5 tons of cocaine
Coast Guard seizes 26.5 tons of cocaine
"The rise in prescription opioid overdoses is clearly related to the rise in availability of prescription opioids in recent years," said David Thomas, a co-author of the study and a health scientist at the National Institute on Drug Abuse.
"Compounding the problem, heroin is widely available and much less expensive on the black market than diverted prescription opioids, thus many prescription opioid abusers are switching to heroin because of price and availability," he said.
Adding to these problems, fentanyl and carfentanyl are also being sold on the streets as heroin. These two drugs "are hundreds or thousands of times more powerful than heroin," Thomas said.
Prescription drug abuse: There is help
Prescription drug abuse: There is help
The reason behind the increase in cocaine use is not as clear. Still, the rising rate of overdoses caused by that drug "does underscore that we not only have an opioid crisis but a more general drug abuse crisis," Thomas said.
This opinion is shared by Brandon DL Marshall, an associate professor in the department of Epidemiology at the Brown University School of Public Health.
'Alarming' increase in fatal overdoses
Marshall, who was not involved in the new research, said it draws attention to the fact that the drug crisis is affecting all communities, "regardless of racial/ethnic background."
"While overdose death rates are highest among non-Hispanic whites, the increase among African-Americans and Hispanics is alarming and deserves greater public health attention," he said.
What's new in the study is how the different races had different peak ages for overdose deaths, Marshall noted. The highest rates for whites were in the 30-to-34 group, while the highest rates for blacks are among the 50-to-59 group.
US heroin deaths jump 533% since 2002, report says
US heroin deaths jump 533% since 2002, report says
"More research is needed to uncover the underlying reasons for this difference by age and race," he said.
Marshall also noted that, due to a lack of information about specific drugs causing an overdose on death certificates, the study was not able to clarify whether the uptick of overdose deaths in recent years is due entirely to opioids or other drugs.
One unrelated recent study looked at the underreported drug information on US death certificates and found that in 2008, 25.4% of the total 36,450 fatal overdoses did not identify a specific drug, compared with 19.5% of the 47,055 overdoses in 2014, he said. Some states provided specific drug data for 99% of all fatal overdoses, but other states did so only 50% of the time.
Follow CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter
See the latest news and share your comments with CNN Health on Facebook and Twitter.

"States with centralized systems in which medical examiners are responsible for investigating overdoses have higher rates of reporting toxicological results on death certificates than de-centralized, county systems in which coroners investigate deaths," Marshall said, based on his knowledge of a separate 2013 study.
"The difference may be due to the fact that coroners are typically non-physicians who have less familiarity with toxicological analyses and terminology," he said.



http://www.cnn.com/2017/12/04/opinions/ivanka-trump-women-complicit-opinion-costello/index.html
All the President's women are complicit
I am dying to know what's really going on with all the President's women. I vividly remember Ivanka Trump, in her blush-colored dress, introducing her father at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland. So compelling, so savvy -- her dress cost $138 -- and so independent.

She took to that stage and boldly declared, "As President, my father will change the labor laws that were put into place at a time when women were not a significant portion of the workforce."
Feminist women were skeptical, but intrigued, especially when Ivanka said, "He will fight for equal pay for equal work, and I will fight for this, too, right alongside of him." w
Ivanka isn&#39;t a champion for women, and she can prove it
Ivanka isn't a champion for women, and she can prove it
It was a poignant moment. Ivanka -- identifying as neither Democrat nor Republican -- was fighting the good fight for all women right alongside her father.

But that was then, and this is now. Ivanka is not fighting alongside her father to change labor laws. Instead -- at least recently -- she's been pushing a child care tax credit and making speeches in India about empowering female entrepreneurs.
Worthy efforts, for sure, but American women are in the midst of a historic moment -- one that could change things dramatically for women in the workplace. It's even possible that women's wages will rise if sexual harassment by powerful bosses is something we can fight -- and solve. Imagine how many talented women would stay on the job instead of being forced to leave a hostile environment and start anew?
And then there's Roy Moore. Why isn't Ivanka loudly urging her father to denounce embattled US Senate Republican candidate Moore? Yeah, I know she tweeted "there's a special place in hell for child molesters," but if she is a champion of women, it's simply not enough.
Trump accuser: &#39;It&#39;s not shocking&#39; Trump would doubt &#39;Access Hollywood&#39; tape
Trump accuser: 'It's not shocking' Trump would doubt 'Access Hollywood' tape
Actually, it's difficult to stomach why not only Ivanka, but President Donald Trump's communications director Hope Hicks, his press secretary Sarah Sanders, his education secretary Betsy DeVos, and his Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley haven't loudly denounced Moore as well.
Lara Trump -- Eric's wife -- even recorded a robocall that is making its way around Alabama. The President's daughter-in-law invites Alabamians to attend Trump's campaign rally in Pensacola, Florida.
Lara does not mention her father-in-law's endorsement of Moore, but, make no mistake, Trump's rally has everything to do with the Alabama Senate race. Pensacola is 15 miles from the Alabama border and even Alabama's GOP Chairman Terry Lanthan has urged Alabamians to attend the rally.
It's rather deflating that Laraa, who headed "Women for Trump" during the 2016 campaign, recorded that robocall. She has long insisted her father-in-law respects women. "This is a man who has always championed women," she told CNN. "I know that there is another narrative that people suggest out there," she said, adding that his support for women is why she decided "to come out to speak on behalf of this man."
Women enable men like Matt Lauer and Charlie Rose
Women enable men like Matt Lauer and Charlie Rose
But what about Moore? A man accused of molesting a 14-year-old girl in his 30s? A man who admitted he dated girls so young he had to ask their mothers' permission?
Recording a robocall for a rally for Moore's benefit is not championing women -- it's complicit. There's a reason "complicit" is 2017's word of the year, according to Dictionary.com. That SNL skit was spot-on when it joked Ivanka developed a perfume with the tagline, "The fragrance for the woman who could stop all this, but won't."
I can kind of understand why Trump's women are not addressing the "Access Hollywood" tape or the President's own accusers because, well, he's family. And for those who aren't family, he is their boss -- and given Trump's willingness to shake up White House appointments, they can never be too certain of their job security.
Follow CNN Opinion
Join us on Twitter and Facebook

But Moore is not family. He is not their employer. He's a man who can help Trump politically -- and when I say "politically," I don't mean a newly elected Senator Moore will push for equal pay for equal work.
If Moore wins -- without a peep from all the President's women -- they will be complicit in his victory. And I must ask them to please stop talking about championing women, because they have been absent on issues of sexual harassment.



http://www.cnn.com/2017/12/04/politics/utah-monuments-trump-weir/index.html
Trump shrinks Utah monuments in historic move
Bears Ears National Monument, Utah (CNN)If only the rocks could talk.

If only the sandstones could sing, imagine the stories they'd tell, of dinosaurs, mammoth hunters and the "ancient ones" known as the Anasazi.
All roamed southern Utah over the eons, long before Native Americans struggled to hold their land against Mormon settlers, modern life and now, Donald Trump.
As the President arrives in Utah Monday afternoon, this rocky corner of the Wild West is a battlefield once again, but this time the warriors will carry briefcases and lawsuits.
Trump, by signing two presidential proclamations on Monday, shrunk the size of Bears Ears National Monument by more than 80% and Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument by roughly 45%, fundamentally reshaping the two large national monuments.
The proclamations split the two national monuments into several smaller sections. Bears Ears will be shrunk from 1.35 million acres to 228,337 acres, according to the spokesperson for Interior, and split into two separate monument sections. Grand Staircase-Escalante, a monument designated by President Bill Clinton, will be split into three sections and shrunk from 1.9 million acres to just about 1 million acres.
Trump slammed past administrations -- namely Clinton's and President Barack Obama's -- for what he called "federal overreach." The two former Democratic president designated Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante for protection, hoping to preserve their culture, history and natural beauty.
Past administrations, Trump said, thought "the natural resources of Utah should be controlled by a small handful of very distant bureaucrats located in Washington. And guess what? They are wrong."
"The families and communities of Utah know and love this land the best and you know the best how to take care of your land," Trump said. "You know how to protect it. And you know best how to conserve this land for many, many generations to come."
President Bill Clinton and Vice President Al Gore pose at the edge of the Grand Canyon, during the signing of a proclamation establishing Utah&#39;s Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument.
President Bill Clinton and Vice President Al Gore pose at the edge of the Grand Canyon, during the signing of a proclamation establishing Utah's Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument.
Locals in the area saw the designations as nothing more than a 3-million-acre federal land grab. The drillers, miners and frackers who were shut out by Clinton's and Obama's use of the Antiquities Act would have new leases on life. Sen. Orrin Hatch and his fellow Utah Republicans would have a major victory to celebrate.
Hoodoos are among the natural wonders in Bears Ears National Monument.
Hoodoos are among the natural wonders in Bears Ears National Monument.
But those who believe the rocks can talk, through countless fossils, sacred ruins and desert solitude, are bracing for a fight.
"I'm going to sue him," says Yvon Chouinard, founder and CEO of outdoor gear maker Patagonia. "It seems the only thing this administration understands is lawsuits. I think it's a shame that only 4% of American lands are national parks. Costa Rica's got 10%. Chile will now have way more parks than we have. We need more, not less. This government is evil and I'm not going to sit back and let evil win."
Chouinard led the effort to move a major outdoor show from Salt Lake City to Denver in protest of Utah's land use politics and he's been a big supporter of the historic coalition of the five local tribes, which put aside ancient rivalries and lobbied for monument protection.
Outdoor retailer Patagonia also lent its voice in opposition to the move Monday, setting the home page of Patagonia.com to a blacked-out page that says, "The President Stole Your Land," with the option to learn more about "the largest elimination of protected land in American history."
The site also gave visitors the option to support groups that are pushing back.
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke said he was unmoved by people like Chouinard who are threatening lawsuits.
"I don't yield to pressure, only higher principle," he said. "And I don't think public policy should be based on the threat of lawsuit ... I feel very confident."
San Juan County Commissioner Phil Lyman says the designation of Bears Ears as a national monument never felt right.
San Juan County Commissioner Phil Lyman says the designation of Bears Ears as a national monument never felt right.
But Chouinard's arguments carry no sway at a pro-Trump, anti-monument rally in Monticello. Here, Chouinard represents all the liberal interests from outside, conspiring to pit neighbor against neighbor. "What's his net worth? One billion dollars? Two billion?" says San Juan County Commissioner Phil Lyman. "You got Patagonia in here waving the flag of environmentalism while he's completely exploiting the outdoors for industrialized tourism. For a person in that position to try and lecture morality to one of the poorest counties in the entire nation is wrong."
There has been opposition to Bears Ears as a monument since it was designated.
There has been opposition to Bears Ears as a monument since it was designated.
The size of New Jersey, San Juan is the biggest and poorest county in Utah and with this moment of political victory, Lyman finds kinship with the coal miners of Appalachia.
He points out that Bears Ears is the fifth national park or monument in his county and argues that oil and gas extraction would have less impact on the landscape than the brand of adventure tourism that has transformed nearby Moab. "By designating a monument, you are using a tool that will bring hordes of people to a place that is very sensitive," he says.
Mark Maryboy walks in Bears Ears, home to generations of his ancestors.
Mark Maryboy walks in Bears Ears, home to generations of his ancestors.
But according to former county commissioner and Navajo elder Mark Maryboy, cultural sensitivity is hard to find in San Juan County. "They didn't want to work with us," he says. "In fact, one of the county commissioners told me 'You guys lost the war so you have no business talking about the land planning process.'"
With efficient strides, he drops into a canyon near the San Juan River, past one of the 100,000 sacred ruins in Bears Ears, to a wall covered in 1,200-year old rock art. The spindly renderings of man and animal are the work of an artist they've dubbed "Wolfman" for the paw print signature that accompanies the pictoglyphs. And then he points out the modern bullet holes.
Ancient rock art is pockmarked by bullet holes.
Ancient rock art is pockmarked by bullet holes.
To his Navajo faith, this canyon holds the spirits of his loved ones and these carvings are just as sacred as any art in the Vatican or any wall in Jerusalem, yet someone has been using it for target practice.
"The local white community members are determined to get rid of all the art rock," he says. "It stands in the way of progress for them. It stands in the way of a job. New cars. New clothes. Rolex watch."

He's heard the argument that his people need jobs and that the extraction industry could provide them while protecting the most important sites.
Native Americans built grain stores and other structures in what is now southern Utah.
Native Americans built grain stores and other structures in what is now southern Utah.
But, he feels, history hasn't shown that to be true.
"The experience that Native Americans see in this county is discrimination," he says. "They are the last ones to be hired for any position. Even if there's a huge mining operation opening up, they will not be hired for that position. And they will be exposed to the toxic materials that are left on the ground or in the air."
Regardless of Trump's decision and unless Utah politicians can figure out a way to take them back and sell them off, the 3 million acres around Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante will remain public.

If you are an American, this is your land and these are your rocks. Pay them a visit sometime. You'll be amazed at the stories they tell.



http://www.cnn.com/2017/12/04/politics/monument-trump-utah-shrink-conservation-tribes-sue/index.html
Environmental, conservation groups sue Trump over monument changes
A group of environmental and conservation groups sued President Donald Trump and Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke in federal court on Monday, alleging that Trump did not have the authority to dramatically shrink Utah's Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument.

The lawsuit, which comprises The Wilderness Society, the Natural Resources Defense Council, the Sierra Club and seven other groups as plaintiffs, argues that Trump's decision to reduce the size of Grand Staircase-Escalante was "unlawful" and "exceeds his authority under the US Constitution and the Antiquities Act."
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Heather Swift, a spokeswoman for the Interior Department, said: "We are well within our authority," and referred further questions to the Department of Justice.

A group of Native American tribes in Utah was expected to file a similar suit against Trump and his administration in federal court on Monday over his decision to dramatically shrink Utah's Bears Ears National Monument. The suit will come from representatives from the Hopi, Zuni, Ute Mountain Ute, the Navajo Nation and the Ute Indian tribe, lawyers for the tribes said.
Trump shrinks Utah monuments in historic move
Trump shrinks Utah monuments in historic move
Trump had announced on Monday in Salt Lake City that he would follow Zinke's recommendations and reduce Bears Ears National Monument by over 80% and Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument by roughly 45%. The two presidential proclamations, which Trump signed at an event at the Utah Capitol, would break Bears Ears into two national monuments and Grand Staircase-Escalante into three separate monuments.
Trump said his decision was made to "reverse federal overreach and restore the rights of this land to your citizens."
"The families and communities of Utah know and love this land the best, and you know the best how to take care of your land. You know how to protect it. And you know best how to conserve this land for many, many generations to come," the President said.
Largely ignoring the tribes who oppose the decision, Trump framed the fight as one between local officials and bureaucrats in Washington, who he said "don't care for your land like you do."
Utah senator: Trump plans to shrink size of Utah national monuments
Utah senator: Trump plans to shrink size of Utah national monuments
The lawsuit, filed in the US District Court for the District of Columbia, outlines why the plaintiffs believe Grand Staircase-Escalante should be protected, arguing that the order "exceeds his authority under the Antiquities Act."
"The Act authorizes Presidents to create national monuments; it does not authorize Presidents to abolish them either in whole or in part, as President Trump's action attempts to do," reads the filing.
The Antiquities Act, a presidential power that was first signed by President Teddy Roosevelt in 1906, gives the President the power only to designate a monument, not revoke it, the plaintiffs argue. Additionally, the lawsuit argues that Trump's order violates the separation of powers because Congress has the right to change national monuments created under the Antiquities Act.
"Grand Staircase is a cradle of biodiversity, and losing even an acre would be a crime," said Taylor McKinnon of the Center for Biological Diversity, a plaintiff in the case. "We must protect this monument's wildlife, stunning landscapes and cultural treasures for future generations. Trump and the fossil-fuel industry have picked the wrong battle."
Interior recommends shrinking some national monument areas, won&#39;t eliminate any
Interior recommends shrinking some national monument areas, won't eliminate any
Though environmental groups have also protested Trump's decision on Bears Ears and plan to file their own suits, it is intentional that the five tribes will file the first lawsuits against the Trump administration for that monument.
"The tribes feel it was important to file first, to be ahead of the line, to make it very clear that this is not just a conservation issue," said Natalie Landreth, a senior staff attorney at the Native American Rights Fund, a group representing the Hopi, Zuni and Ute Mountain Ute in the lawsuit. "To them, it is a tribal sovereignty issue."
Trump administration officials have long expected that Trump's proclamations would end up in court, given that environmental groups and tribes had pledged to do so.
Zinke, speaking with reporters aboard Air Force One on Monday before the lawsuit was filed, accused "special interests" of polarizing the issue and said he isn't going to shy away from any legal challenge.
"I don't yield to pressure, only higher principle. And I don't think public policy should be based on the threat of lawsuit," he said.
He added that the changes have been revised by Interior Department solicitors and approved.
"I feel confident in the Department of Justice," Zinke added. "And I feel confident that we will prevail because it's the right thing to do."



http://www.cnn.com/videos/world/2017/12/04/north-korean-missile-brian-todd.cnn
US official: NK missile broke up on re-entry
New details indicate that North Korea's latest missile test may not have been as successful as Kim Jong Un's regime claims.



http://www.cnn.com/2017/12/04/opinions/republican-tax-plan-trump-opinion-kohn/index.html
GOP's next goal: Shred the social safety net
The Republican tax bill and its aftermath prove two things about our politics today. First, no matter how much they might insist otherwise, Republicans consistently prioritize the economic advantage and security of big business and the very wealthy at the expense of middle- and low-income Americans. And, second, no matter how much he might insist otherwise, Donald Trump is in perfect lockstep with the core of the Republican economic agenda.

Around 2 a.m. on Saturday, Republican senators passed an approximately 500-page package of legislation that had reportedly been influenced by over 6,000 corporate lobbyists -- more than half of all the lobbyists in Washington, according to Public Citizen, a nonprofit organization representing consumer interests. In doing so, they effectively raised taxes on millions of middle-class and poor Americans in order to give giant tax handouts to big business and the wealthy.
The GOP&#39;s rush to tax cuts was brainless
The GOP's rush to tax cuts was brainless
And now, it's about to get worse. Reports are that Republicans will use the giant deficits created by their corporate giveaways to justify cuts to Social Security and Medicare -- cuts that will further hurt middle class families and the poor. In other words, the Republican tax plan ostensibly increases the tax burden on middle- and low-income Americans while reducing the tax burden on corporations and the 1% -- under the theory that giving more money to economic elites, while adding a projected $1 trillion to the deficit, somehow trickles down to those less fortunate.
Economists have already said the economic promises of the Republican tax plan are smoke and mirrors, but adding more cuts to the social safety net amounts to a perfect storm. Most Americans see rampant inequality and poverty in our economy as a problem. The Republican tax plan sees it as a strategy on which to double down.

Since Trump began his campaign for the presidency, both the left and right have painted him as extreme. Progressives (myself included) have portrayed Trump as a radical departure from conventional politics, both because he lacks the experience or seriousness to do the job but also because he seems to embrace extremist ideology. Just consider his tweets last week reposting videos from Islamophobic extremists. Trump supporters, on the other hand, have portrayed their hero as anathema to the Republican establishment -- Trump is "telling it like it is" and "draining the swamp."
A vote for this tax plan is a vote against women and families
A vote for this tax plan is a vote against women and families
Yet here we have a president who, as every indication suggests, supports a tax policy literally written by the paid Washington lobbyists who are the very muck of that swamp. And the bill advances the conventional stock-in-trade, pro-big business agenda that has and will always be the lifeblood of Republican politics.
Trump campaigned pretending otherwise. In April 2016, Trump said he believes in raising taxes on the rich -- including rich people like himself. In May 2016, Trump said on "Meet The Press," "For the wealthy, I think, frankly, it's going to go up. And you know what? It really should go up." As President, he's continued many of the same assertions, telling The Wall Street Journal in July of this year, "the truth is the people I care most about are the middle-income people in this country who have gotten screwed."
Now, Trump is the one screwing the middle class to give himself a tax break. And still lying about it. "This is going to cost me a fortune," Trump told supporters in Missouri a few days ago. "This is not good for me." That was a lie. In fact, Trump could save more than $1 billion under the Republican tax plan that he is supporting. Of course, we'd know more if Trump would finally release his taxes.

He also promised during the election not to cut Social Security, Medicaid or Medicare. And reiterated those promises a few weeks ago. But the tax bill sets up Republicans to do just that, pretending they have no choice but to make deep cuts in federal spending because they drained public money with corporate giveaways.
The truth is no matter how much his supporters try to portray him otherwise, Trump is fully supportive of the conservative fiscal agenda -- cutting government supports for poor and middle-class Americans in order to fund giant giveaways to corporations and the super rich.
And no matter what he insisted during the campaign, or his lies to the contrary since, Trump has proven himself consistently loyal to one group and one group only -- his fellow big business billionaires. That's who really won this election, and who are the winners of this tax bill. The rest of us, to borrow a phrase from Trump, are losers.



http://www.cnn.com/2017/12/04/entertainment/olaf-frozen-short/index.html
'Frozen' short ending its run with 'Coco'
No, fans did not love "Olaf's Frozen Adventure," but that's not reportedly why the short is being pulled from theaters.

EW reports the Disney short film, which has been screening before Pixar's acclaimed new animated film "Coco," was always meant to have a short run.
But the ending of showings as of December 8 led some to speculate it was because fans have been panning it.
"The Olaf's Frozen short movie before COCO was a torture to my eyes," actor Ashish Chanchlani tweeted. "It was a slow poison getting on my nerves. One of the worst things Disney has ever made."

Ashish Chanchlani
✔
@ashchanchlani
The olaf's frozen short movie before COCO was a torture to my eyes
it was a slow poison getting on my nerves
one of the worst things disney has ever made
made me love COCO even more
I am glad majority people globally share the same opinion like me#OlafsFrozenAdventure #BORINGAF
10:32 AM - Nov 27, 2017
 14 14 Replies   29 29 Retweets   482 482 likes
Twitter Ads info and privacy

Mitchell Black
@mitch_black4012
On a side note, #OlafsFrozenAdventure was a total cringe fest that was always either boring or oddly entertaining for all the wrong reasons. Every time a new song broke out, there were audible sighs from the audience.
5:15 PM - Nov 25, 2017 · Greenwood, IN
 1 1 Reply   9 9 Retweets   40 40 likes
Twitter Ads info and privacy

Court Rundell 🥕
@CourtRundell
My review of #OlafsFrozenAdventure

1. I will never get those 21-minutes of my life back.

2. A short is called a short because it’s supposed to be short.

3. A short before a Pixar film has always been A PIXAR SHORT.

Disney has gone too far this time.
12:54 PM - Nov 25, 2017 · Los Angeles, CA
 6 6 Replies   34 34 Retweets   98 98 likes
Twitter Ads info and privacy
According to Mashable, "The Frozen short has been especially problematic for a number of reasons."
"Length is the biggest issue, of course, since the actual movie doesn't start until 40 minutes after the advertised time, between trailers, ads, and Olaf," the publication reported. "That's a lot of extra sitting around for an audience comprised primarily of kids expecting a story about music and family, set against the backdrop of Mexico's Dia de los Muertos."
"Coco," which follows the adventures of a little boy trying to return to his family after he is accidentally transported to the land of the dead, is winning both awards and fans at the box office.
It most recently snagged the New York Film Critics Circle award for best animated film.
The 2013 film "Frozen," which featured Olaf the snowman, was wildly popular and grossed more than $1.2 billion worldwide.



http://www.cnn.com/2017/12/04/us/riverside-california-child-molestation-arrest-50-victims/index.html
Turned in by mom, teen says he's molested 50 kids, police say
It was 3 in the morning, and a California woman was attempting to flag down a police officer; she wanted to report that her son just told her he had molested two boys.

The confession would go much deeper once Riverside police detained 18-year-old Joseph Boston on Saturday, authorities say.
Not only did he confess to sexually assaulting 4- and 8-year-old boys at a $65-a-night motel room about a mile away from the police station, but he also admitted molesting "upwards of 50 children since he was 10 years old in different cities where he had lived," according to Riverside police.
Athletes say teacher molested them

Athletes say teacher molested them 01:43
Those previous addresses include the Southern California cities of Lakewood and Buena Park, police said. Boston had been staying in Riverside, about an hour's drive east of Los Angeles, since earlier this month.
Boston had a room at the motel where he "befriended" the boys, who were staying with their parents, also guests at the motel, a police news release said. The children went to Boston's room Friday night, the statement said.
"Hours later, the suspect called his own mother stating what he had just done," the news release said.
The teen's mother took him to the closest Riverside Police Department station and told an officer she wanted to turn in Boston for suspected molestation, police said.
Boston confessed to molesting the boys in the motel before saying he had dozens of other victims, according to police.
Reality star Josh Duggar: &#39;I acted inexcusably&#39;

Reality star Josh Duggar: 'I acted inexcusably' 01:00
Police charged Boston with two counts of oral copulation on a child under the age of 10, according to online records. He is being held at Robert Presley Detention Center. His bail is set at $1 million.
It was not immediately clear if Boston had an attorney. He is scheduled to make a court appearance Wednesday.
Riverside County Child Protective Services took both victims into custody.
Detectives say they believe Boston has victimized other children and ask anyone with information about this case or any previous alleged crimes to contact Riverside police.
"This is going to affect not only the victims for a long time, but also our detectives and officers involved in this -- to hear someone just be very open about what they've done, and they're only 18 themselves," Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN affiliate KABC.



http://www.cnn.com/videos/us/2017/12/04/toddler-murder-arrest-anna-young-orig-vstan.cnn
Woman arrested in cold case murder of toddler
A woman named Anna Elizabeth Young, who police say is a former cult leader, has been charged with murdering a toddler at a religious school in rural Florida.



http://www.cnn.com/2017/12/04/entertainment/house-of-cards-production/index.html
'House of Cards' production to resume without Kevin Spacey
Netflix has decided to move forward with the final season of "House of Cards" without Kevin Spacey, a source familiar with the decision tells CNN.

Production on the eight-episode sixth season had been hold due to allegations of sexual misconduct made against Spacey.
Production will resume in early 2018, the source said.
Actor Anthony Rapp was the first person to make allegations against Spacey.
Rapp, who appears on CBS's "Star Trek: Discovery," alleged in a story by Buzzfeed published in late October that Spacey made a sexual advance toward him at a party in 1986. Rapp was 14 years old at the time.
In response to the story, Spacey issued a statement claiming he did not recall the incident, but he apologized for what he said would have been "deeply inappropriate drunken behavior."
Production on was halted days later. The show was about two weeks into filming the new season.
Members of the "House of Cards" production staff later came forward in a CNN report with more allegations of sexual harassment and one allegation of sexual assault.
Netflix cut ties with Spacey back in November, saying at the time it would "not be involved with any further production of 'House of Cards' that includes Kevin Spacey."
"House of Cards" producer Media Rights Capital also suspended the actor last month.
Netflix announced the show's sixth season would be its last days after the first round of allegations surfaced. Sources told CNN, however, that the decision to end the series pre-dated the allegations.
"House of Cards" writers have been racing against the clock to find a new direction for the final season in light of Spacey's absence.



http://money.cnn.com/2017/12/04/media/time-person-of-the-year-finalists/index.html
Time reveals shortlist for Person of the Year
Among the finalists are one of the world's most notorious leaders, the women behind the year's biggest cultural reckoning and -- whether he wants it or not -- President Trump.
Trump, who was named Person of the Year in 2016, was nominated again after a tumultuous first year in office. Two weeks ago, he claimed to have turned down an offer for this year's honor. Time says that's false.
Related: Trump tweets he 'took a pass' at being named Time's person of the year
The magazine nominated North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, whom Trump has nicknamed "Little Rocket Man" and who has overseen ballistic missile tests that have raised fears of a nuclear confrontation.
Also on Time's list is Robert Mueller, the special counsel probing the Trump campaign's possible ties to Russia. His investigation has resulted in charges against four people tied to the campaign, including former Trump adviser Michael Flynn.
Two of the 10 nominees are groups, not individuals.
The #MeToo movement represents the people, mostly women, who have fueled a worldwide discussion about sexual harassment and assault. The hashtag took off last month when a slew of high-profile men were publicly accused of sexual misconduct.
Time also named the Dreamers -- young adults whose legal status in the United States was put in limbo this year. The undocumented immigrants, who were brought to the country as children, are at risk of deportation if the government's Deferred Action of Childhood Arrivals program ends next year.
The magazine gave a nod to Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who has shaken up the Middle East with promises for a "more moderate Islam" and last month's shocking anti-corruption crackdown on Saudi officials and princes.
And Chinese President Xi Jinping, one of the world's most powerful leaders, was nominated, as was Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, who this year became the richest man on the planet.
Related: Trump named 2016 Time Person of the Year
Two other picks are significant names in sports and pop culture.
Quarterback Colin Kaepernick started a movement when he took a knee during the National Anthem last year to protest racial injustice. Other players followed, and President Trump supercharged the controversy.
Patty Jenkins, meanwhile, directed one of the year's biggest movies. The box-office smash "Wonder Woman" was hailed as a meaningful step forward for the representation of women in media.
Time has been selecting the year's most influential person, group or idea since 1927. Its choices have included nearly every U.S. president, Adolf Hitler, Ayatollah Khomeini, Mahatma Gandhi and Pope Francis, along with groups like the "Ebola fighters." The title was changed in 1982 to "Machine of the Year" for the computer.
The magazine will announce its 2017 pick Wednesday morning.



http://www.cnn.com/videos/entertainment/2017/11/30/jay-z-beyonce-cheating-rumors-t-magazine-intv-bts.hln
Jay-Z opens up about cheating on Beyoncé
Hip-hop star Jay-Z opens up during an interview for The New York Time's "T Magazine" regarding cheating rumors surrounding his marriage with singer Beyoncé.



http://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2017/12/02/tom-hanks-talks-politics-with-axelrod-nr-sot.cnn/video/playlists/celebrities--politics/
Tom Hanks calls political climate 'hellacious'
Actor Tom Hanks sits down with CNN Senior Political Commentator David Axelrod to discuss President Donald Trump and the current political climate in the US.



http://www.cnn.com/2017/12/04/health/north-korea-defector-doctor-intl/index.html
North Korean soldier: Surgeon says defector 'was like a broken jar'
South Korean surgeon Lee Cook-Jong was already having a busy day in Trauma Bay 1 when he got the call: A US Black Hawk helicopter was on its way with an injured soldier. But it wasn't just any soldier.

"I was informed that he was badly shot by North Koreans," Lee said, reliving the complex chain of events that brought North Korean defector Oh Chong Song to his trauma unit on November 13.
Lee says he went to meet his critically injured patient on the helipad, just a few hundred feet from the state-of-the-art, US-modeled trauma center he runs at Ajou University Hospital in the South Korean capital, Seoul.
The chopper was coming in fast, and for that, he says, he was thankful.

"His vital signs were so unstable, he was dying of low blood pressure, he was dying of shock," Lee said.
"He was like a broken jar. We couldn't put enough blood into him."
Video provided by the Ajou University Trauma Center shows Oh being loaded off a helicopter.

The 24-year-old had been shot around five times by his fellow North Korean soldiers as he made his daring escape across the line that divides North and South Korea.
Riddled with bullets, he was dragged to safety by South Korean soldiers and hovered close to death during the 25-minute airlift to hospital.
What unfolded after the Black Hawk touched down was a harrowing effort to keep Oh alive that lasted more than six hours -- captured in video Lee shared exclusively with CNN, with the permission of the soldier.
Video provided by the Ajou University Trauma Center shows Oh being wheeled into a trauma room.

Minute by minute struggle
In the first 30 minutes, after Oh was rushed into Trauma Room One, Lee and his team worked to keep Oh breathing.
"He has one (bullet) through his right knee joint; the other one is the tricep muscle area on his arm, the third one was his back; chest and coming out from his shoulder," Lee said as he reviewed the video.
But the worst was yet to come.
During a five-hour operation to remove a bullet that had pierced Oh's intestines, Lee encountered a complication he's never seen in his 20-year career as a surgeon: parasites.
Lee describes working to repair at least seven wounds in the defector's perforated bowel while the white worms were squirming their way out of Oh's body.
"Everything was stained with blood, but the parasite was basically a really white color and this thick, big, long and very, very hard, this kind of thing was getting out from his bowel system," Lee said.
The worms Lee removed from Oh&#39;s body.
The worms Lee removed from Oh's body.
Lee describes Oh's vital signs as so unstable that a few times during the grueling operation, he thought the defector would die on the surgical table.
"It's a miracle that he survived," Lee said.
All parasites were removed from Oh's system, some of them as long as 27 centimeters (more than 10 inches).
Intestinal worms are typically transmitted through contact with feces or unwashed hands. The use of human fertilizer on crops and poor sanitary conditions can also aid the transmission of parasitic cysts.

Lee appears to have grown fond of Oh during the weeks he's been treating him.
"I'm very proud of him. He fled from North Korea seeking for liberty, much more freedom. It's quite easy to say, but it's really, really difficult to make it happen, so I admire him," Lee said.
Lee operated on Oh again two days later for more than three hours, and within days of that, the defector began a fast-paced recovery that has surprised even his doctors.
Lee Cook-Jong at the trauma center he runs at Ajou University Hospital in the South Korean capital Seoul.
Lee Cook-Jong at the trauma center he runs at Ajou University Hospital in the South Korean capital Seoul.
Walking, talking
Oh is walking, talking and going to the bathroom independently. His condition, though stable, is still grave.
Complications from tuberculosis and hepatitis B continue to compromise his recovery, especially his liver function.
Oh is also under psychiatric care and likely to be struggling with post-traumatic stress disorder, Lee said.
He's been plagued by nightmares, sometimes fearing he was still in North Korea, prompting Lee to hang the South Korean flag in his recovery room to remind him he was safe.

North Korean defection caught on camera 01:32
"He actually asked me, 'is it really South Korea?' And I said, 'have a look at that flag. Have you ever seen that flag in North Korea?' "
It's unclear what the future holds. Oh has told his surgeon that he's interested in studying law. Lee says he has no interest in going into the South Korean military, as other defectors have done.
For now, though, his condition is still so delicate that Lee says he told South Korean officials "very firmly" that they had to postpone questioning Oh. As a border guard on active duty, he's likely to have valuable information on North Korea's armed forces.
Dr. Lee Cook-Jong on the hospital&#39;s rooftop helipad.
Dr. Lee Cook-Jong on the hospital's rooftop helipad.
The South Korean government screens defectors for security risks and runs resettlement programs to help them adapt and integrate into South Korean society -- something that can be an uphill struggle.
Lee is protective of his patient, and Oh remains under heavy security in the hospital so that nothing can compromise his treatment.
"If there's so many questions about his past years in North Korea. It might affect his emotional status, so if he's in depressed status, he may not be able to eat properly or recover properly," Lee said.

To take his mind off the pain, Lee encouraged Oh to listen to music -- he likes K-Pop group Girls Generation -- and watch television. Lee says the first movie he saw was "Transporter 3," an action movie starring Jason Statham.
Oh told Lee that American and South Korean TV dramas are popular in North Korea, suggesting that some people have access to outside media.
"I was quite surprised," Lee said.
The ICU bed where North Korean defector Oh Chong Song was taken for recovery after undergoing five hours of surgery.
The ICU bed where North Korean defector Oh Chong Song was taken for recovery after undergoing five hours of surgery.
Newfound celebrity
Throughout Oh's miraculous survival and recovery, Lee, a renowned surgeon who trained in San Diego, says it's been hard to not let the stress get to him.
There's been intense interest in Oh's story across South Korea and by international media, and as one of the few people who has access to him, the demands for information are relentless.
The helipad at Ajou University Hospital in the South Korean capital, where Dr Lee Cook-Jong first met the critically injured defector.
The helipad at Ajou University Hospital in the South Korean capital, where Dr Lee Cook-Jong first met the critically injured defector.
He said that while Oh's survival is a miracle, it is an outcome his team strives for every day with every patient.
The tradeoff is much personal sacrifice.
Lee says he goes home just one day a week, spending the rest working and sleeping in the trauma center he has nurtured for years.
What he's not used to is his newfound celebrity. As we walk outside with him, he's asked to pose for a photograph within a matter of minutes.

South Korea has been riveted by how he saved Oh, and Lee says he knew his country was counting on him.
"People tend to say that I'm proud of my country or something, so that's why I was trying to save Mr. Oh's life, but it's totally wrong, as you can see here. We are doing this job every single day."



http://www.cnn.com/2017/12/04/opinions/masterpiece-cakeshop-colorado-opinion-grimm/index.html
Trans student: This isn't about a wedding cake, it's about civil rights
Over the past few years I've learned what it means to fight for my right to be treated just like everyone else. When my high school implemented a bathroom ban that forbade me from using the men's bathroom even though I am a transgender male student, I fought back. My fight took me to the US Supreme Court and still continues today -- despite the Court sending my case back to the district court.

I am not alone in this fight. There are people in every community who are standing up for the basic rights that everyone -- regardless of orientation or creed -- should be able to enjoy.
Gavin Grimm
Gavin Grimm
Two of these people are about to have their case heard by the United States Supreme Court, and the decision could impact the rights of countless LGBTQ Americans. On Tuesday, Charlie Craig and Dave Mullins will stand before the US Supreme Court because a local bakery in their Colorado community discriminated against them on the basis of their sexual orientation. The business refused to sell them the same product that it would have sold a heterosexual couple -- a wedding cake. The bakery is arguing that it has a constitutional right to refuse to bake such a cake if it violates the baker's religious beliefs.
Their case, dubbed Masterpiece Cakeshop v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission, shouldn't fool anyone. It has nothing to do with cake, and everything to do with civil rights.
Charlie and Dave were refused service by the business five years ago, so it's certainly been a long road for them. I suspect that, like me, they worry every time they enter a public place that they will face discrimination on the basis of who they are.
While my own experience didn't involve a public business, it was based on the same discriminatory principle: Not treating members of the LGBT community as equals.
Just as Charlie and Dave want people to understand their case isn't about where they can buy a cake, my case was about more than just a restroom. It was about whether LGBT people have the freedom to exist and live in public life.
How a cake dispute reached the Supreme Court

How a cake dispute reached the Supreme Court 04:00
Discrimination is not new. Many have felt the pains of its humiliation for centuries before us. Many still know the overwhelming feeling of anxiousness and fear, the uncertainty of whether or not they are able to do something as simple as purchase a baked good or use a restroom without coming under fire.
Put yourself in Charlie and Dave's shoes, or the shoes of Charlie's mother Debbie, who was with them when the business owner said he would not serve them. Can you imagine the humiliation she must have felt watching her son go through that experience?
The bakery is arguing for the right to say "only heterosexuals served here." If they prevail, other businesses could argue they can display signs saying "no transgender people served here," or any other discriminatory message that conveys the sentiment -- "your kind is not welcome."
Forty-five states and the federal government have laws to protect against discrimination on the basis of race, religion, gender, and national origin. Twenty-one of those states and the District of Columbia, and some federal government agencies, also include sexual orientation in those protections -- including Colorado.
Charlie and Dave are heading to the Supreme Court to ensure that discrimination is not written into the Constitution.

Of course, this case could have consequences for more than just LGBT people. It could impact countless Americans, including women, racial minorities, religious minorities, unwed parents, interracial couples, and so many others. Could a public business owner refuse service to an unwed mother, citing their religious beliefs? Could they deny an interracial couple the same service? The examples go on and on, but the point is, no one should be denied the same service offered to everyone else at a public business because of who they are.
As millions of Americans stood with me during my march to the Supreme Court, I will now stand with Charlie and Dave. No one, including businesses, should have a constitutional right to discriminate against anyone. Businesses that are open to the public should be open to all.



http://www.cnn.com/2017/12/02/opinions/trump-family-wont-go-to-jail-pate-opinion/index.html
No matter what Flynn says, the Trump family won't go to jail
When Michael Flynn walked into a federal courthouse in Washington and entered into a plea and cooperation deal, some people thought this marked the beginning of the end for Donald Trump's presidency. Could Flynn be the man to take down this President, and maybe even send him to jail?

There is little doubt that the Office of Special Counsel has been busy. We knew Robert Mueller and his team was aggressively dropping grand jury subpoenas to gather evidence, and interviewing both major and minor players in the Russia investigation drama that continues to unfold. And now, with the criminal indictments of several Trump confidants, we know that the special counsel's work is bearing fruit.
Page Pate
Page Pate
But where does this all end? Will Flynn's cooperation lead to criminal charges against Trump or a member of his family? While we don't know what Flynn has said or will say as he cooperates with Mueller's investigation, there is no reason to believe that Trump or anyone related to him will ever face prison time.
Considering what Flynn has admitted lying about, it is certainly conceivable that Trump or a very senior member of his team told Flynn to make contact with the Russians before Trump was sworn in. If he did, that itself may be a crime under the much maligned (but still on the books) Logan Act, a law that makes it a crime for anyone to negotiate with a foreign government in connection with a dispute relating to the US, unless they have the official authority to do so. In Flynn's case, that means that you can't act like you are the national security adviser until you actually are the national security adviser.
Even if Mueller isn't interested in a Logan Act violation, he won't ignore people lying to his team during this investigation. In this case, Flynn may have lied to protect himself and others from a Logan Act charge. If so, the cover-up may have been worse than the crime.
Can President Trump&#39;s dual-track presidency survive?
Can President Trump's dual-track presidency survive?
Around the time that Trump asked former FBI Director James Comey about "letting Flynn go," I wrote that Flynn should be given immunity so we could learn what he knew. I thought that Flynn's access to senior-level campaign and transition officials would be well worth the price of giving him a pass.
But a plea deal is so much better. It establishes a factual basis for criminal conduct, admitted by one of the participants. It also makes Flynn a much more effective, and credible, witness against anyone else involved. He has admitted that this conduct was wrong, and he has to face at least some consequences for it. That makes it harder to attack his credibility than if he got an immunity deal.
Will other charges be announced by the special counsel before the end of the year? Possibly, but I don't think it will be an indictment against the President. There is a debate among constitutional scholars about whether a sitting President can even be indicted, and the logistics of actually prosecuting a President while in office makes it unlikely it will happen. Even if Mueller were willing to go after the President, Trump may be able to simply pardon himself and avoid prosecution.
But what about Jared Kushner and Donald Trump Jr.? If there is evidence that one or both of them broke the law, can't they be charged? Yes, they can. They can be indicted, prosecuted, convicted, and sent to jail like the rest of us. But they won't be. Trump would never let that happen to his family. While there is a strong legal argument that Trump may not be able to pardon himself, there is no question that he can pardon his kids and anyone else he wants to.
Did Trump team plan to reward Russians for election meddling?
Did Trump team plan to reward Russians for election meddling?
The possibility that Trump may pardon a family member doesn't seem so farfetched now. One commentator has suggested that Kushner could be the next shoe to drop in this investigation. Based on what we learned from Flynn's plea, there is a strong possibility that Kushner has some serious legal exposure.
If Kushner asked Flynn to contact the Russians on the issue of vetoing the Israeli resolution, for example, he may have violated the Logan Act. He has also made numerous statements to Mueller's team and congressional staffers during this investigation, presumably including what he and Flynn discussed during the transition period. Of course, we don't know what Flynn has said or will say to the special counsel, so any discussion of what Kushner may have done is only speculation. But Mueller's team may uncover evidence that Kushner was somehow involved in obstructing the investigation in other ways, or making false statements himself.
Trump Jr. seems to have had nothing to do with any calls to the Russian ambassador, but he was present at a questionable meeting, and made some statements about that meeting that may be inconsistent with what Flynn has said.
Regardless of what Kushner or Trump Jr. may be facing, the fact is that they have no real incentive to cooperate with the special counsel. They know that whatever may happen in this investigation, they have a pardon in their back pocket as long as they call the President, "Dad."
Join us on Twitter and Facebook

Unlike Kushner or Trump Jr., however, Flynn had to cut a deal. Flynn was likely facing more serious charges relating to financial dealings, and the possibility of actual prison time was real. Trump could have thrown him a lifeline by giving him a pardon before he had to plead guilty.
But Flynn is not family, and the possible political and legal consequences of pardoning him must have outweighed whatever sense of loyalty Trump felt toward Flynn. He may have had no problem asking Comey to let him go, but issuing a pardon was apparently more than Trump was willing to do.
The only way Flynn's guilty plea will directly affect Trump or his immediate family is if Congress decides that enough is enough and moves towards impeachment. Perhaps, as we learn more about the details of what happened during the campaign and transition period, that may actually occur. But the Republicans are in control of Congress right now and, given the way they have dealt with the other ethical and moral lapses from this White House, I wouldn't hold my breath.
Flynn has made his deal and he may indeed have an interesting story to tell. But I don't see it taking down this President, or his family, anytime soon.



http://www.cnn.com/2017/12/04/opinions/republican-tax-plan-trump-opinion-kohn/index.html
GOP's next goal: Shred the social safety net
The Republican tax bill and its aftermath prove two things about our politics today. First, no matter how much they might insist otherwise, Republicans consistently prioritize the economic advantage and security of big business and the very wealthy at the expense of middle- and low-income Americans. And, second, no matter how much he might insist otherwise, Donald Trump is in perfect lockstep with the core of the Republican economic agenda.

Around 2 a.m. on Saturday, Republican senators passed an approximately 500-page package of legislation that had reportedly been influenced by over 6,000 corporate lobbyists -- more than half of all the lobbyists in Washington, according to Public Citizen, a nonprofit organization representing consumer interests. In doing so, they effectively raised taxes on millions of middle-class and poor Americans in order to give giant tax handouts to big business and the wealthy.
The GOP&#39;s rush to tax cuts was brainless
The GOP's rush to tax cuts was brainless
And now, it's about to get worse. Reports are that Republicans will use the giant deficits created by their corporate giveaways to justify cuts to Social Security and Medicare -- cuts that will further hurt middle class families and the poor. In other words, the Republican tax plan ostensibly increases the tax burden on middle- and low-income Americans while reducing the tax burden on corporations and the 1% -- under the theory that giving more money to economic elites, while adding a projected $1 trillion to the deficit, somehow trickles down to those less fortunate.
Economists have already said the economic promises of the Republican tax plan are smoke and mirrors, but adding more cuts to the social safety net amounts to a perfect storm. Most Americans see rampant inequality and poverty in our economy as a problem. The Republican tax plan sees it as a strategy on which to double down.
Since Trump began his campaign for the presidency, both the left and right have painted him as extreme. Progressives (myself included) have portrayed Trump as a radical departure from conventional politics, both because he lacks the experience or seriousness to do the job but also because he seems to embrace extremist ideology. Just consider his tweets last week reposting videos from Islamophobic extremists. Trump supporters, on the other hand, have portrayed their hero as anathema to the Republican establishment -- Trump is "telling it like it is" and "draining the swamp."
A vote for this tax plan is a vote against women and families
A vote for this tax plan is a vote against women and families
Yet here we have a president who, as every indication suggests, supports a tax policy literally written by the paid Washington lobbyists who are the very muck of that swamp. And the bill advances the conventional stock-in-trade, pro-big business agenda that has and will always be the lifeblood of Republican politics.
Trump campaigned pretending otherwise. In April 2016, Trump said he believes in raising taxes on the rich -- including rich people like himself. In May 2016, Trump said on "Meet The Press," "For the wealthy, I think, frankly, it's going to go up. And you know what? It really should go up." As President, he's continued many of the same assertions, telling The Wall Street Journal in July of this year, "the truth is the people I care most about are the middle-income people in this country who have gotten screwed."
Now, Trump is the one screwing the middle class to give himself a tax break. And still lying about it. "This is going to cost me a fortune," Trump told supporters in Missouri a few days ago. "This is not good for me." That was a lie. In fact, Trump could save more than $1 billion under the Republican tax plan that he is supporting. Of course, we'd know more if Trump would finally release his taxes.
Follow CNN Opinion
Join us on Twitter and Facebook

He also promised during the election not to cut Social Security, Medicaid or Medicare. And reiterated those promises a few weeks ago. But the tax bill sets up Republicans to do just that, pretending they have no choice but to make deep cuts in federal spending because they drained public money with corporate giveaways.
The truth is no matter how much his supporters try to portray him otherwise, Trump is fully supportive of the conservative fiscal agenda -- cutting government supports for poor and middle-class Americans in order to fund giant giveaways to corporations and the super rich.
And no matter what he insisted during the campaign, or his lies to the contrary since, Trump has proven himself consistently loyal to one group and one group only -- his fellow big business billionaires. That's who really won this election, and who are the winners of this tax bill. The rest of us, to borrow a phrase from Trump, are losers.



http://www.cnn.com/2017/12/04/opinions/stopping-female-genital-mutilation-opinion-lemmon/index.html
How to fight female genital mutilation with economics
Seleiman Bishagazi never enjoyed the benefits of a university education, but he's smarter on a basic human rights issue than nearly anyone I've met in the world.

This activist showed me what ground-level investigation, hard-core determination and a lot of community conversation taught him about the practice of female genital mutilation: Follow the money.
Gayle Tzemach Lemmon
Gayle Tzemach Lemmon
Female genital mutilation is not an issue I ever thought about in economic terms. In pieces I wrote over the years about this practice of using (often unsterile) knives to remove in part or in total a girl's external genitalia, people would talk with me about it as a cultural practice -- one that girls and women in communities had begun to stand up to, but one that activists fighting the practice said only changed generationally.
'Girls as capital'
"When I saw girls and the way they were going through this pain, I thought, 'This must stop,' " Bishagazi, chairman of Kipunguni Knowledge Center, a community group in Dar es Salaam, told me. "It made me become a champion of stopping this practice."
But stop it how?
According to Bishagazi, families would get monetary gifts when their daughters underwent the procedure.
"I used to attend ceremonies, and I saw how people were benefiting from this," he says.
"I knew right away they were using FGM as a source of income because people would say, 'I will build a house after my daughter goes through this.' They were using girls as capital."
Girls as capital. Female genital mutilation as an economic transaction as much as a cultural tradition. It all became clear as Bishagazi recounted his journey to get to the source of the practice. It's a journey that offers tremendous insight into how to end practices that threaten the well-being of girls and women across the globe.
Dollars drive the practice
Once Bishagazi figured out that one big part of the incentive behind female genital mutilation was economic, he decided to ask more about how and why. The answers quickly became clear.
Parents would talk with him about how they bought land on the gift money they received after cutting ceremonies. Older women who wielded the knives talked about the money they would make during the cutting season, which arrived every two years, in years divisible by two. Even brothers would benefit from the presents that came in as their sisters faced the knife in the name of tradition.
Poverty -- at least as much as culture, in Bishagazi's community -- stood behind the continuation of female genital mutilation, he came to realize. And so earning money would have to be at the center of stopping cutting.
The prospect of jail clearly was not enough. The practice of female genital mutilation is outlawed in Tanzania but continues despite the threat of imprisonment, especially among the nation's poorest. According to the UNICEF, in 2016, among Tanzania's most impoverished citizens, a quarter of girls and women ages 15 to 49 have undergone the procedure. That number drops to 6% among the wealthiest Tanzanians.
Those in the Kipunguni program discuss how to stop the practice.
Those in the Kipunguni program discuss how to stop the practice.
So Bishagazi, as a community leader determined to change the status quo, decided to attack the issue with economics and education. Neither on its own, he felt certain, would actually make a difference. It would take the two of them together. He turned to a women's rights nongovernmental organization called the Tanzania Gender Networking Program, or TGNP, for help.
"We had a big event at TGNP and what he did was to bring people from Kipunguni to attend that event so that they could learn the negative side of FGM," says Lilian Liundi, executive director of TGNP. "He asked for a bus to go and pick members of Kipunguni community to come and attend the event. ... The event was quite successful and that is where they learned a lot about FGM and the impact of FGM."
Says Liundi, "This thing they do, it is because they get money. So he knew that if they have alternative ways of getting money, then that will help them to leave practicing FGM."
Creating a financial alternative
Bishagazi began to attack the problem from the ground up. Literally.
He says he knew that women who were cutting girls received about 30,000 Tanzanian shilling (roughly $14) for one girl. So he tried to figure out how to replace that income.
"Agriculture was not a hard thing to do, it didn't need a lot of capital, and a lot of women were doing it in other places," Bishagazi says. It also provided a steadier source of income than female genital mutilation, which is only conducted for a short period every two years.
So Bishagazi suggested they start, together, growing things on a plot of land he had access to, beginning with vegetables. He didn't have money from any local charities, but he did get fertilizer and seeds from a local church that supported his efforts.
Women in the Kipunguni program stand in their community garden.
Women in the Kipunguni program stand in their community garden.
After two growing cycles, and once the vegetables began turning a profit, he started talking with the women performing female genital mutilation about the problems that came with the practice -- that it is considered violence against women under the law and could land them in prison.
Bishagazi's fellow program members agree that the convincing began once the money started coming in.
"When you do agriculture, you can earn" roughly $10 a day, says Fatima Brahman, a Kipunguni community leader. "And you can do it throughout the year. And it is clean and legal money."
That argument convinced parents and women who previously supported cutting to join the effort. Thus far, Bishagazi says, the community program has close to 150 members.
Bishagazi and Brahman are not alone in turning to new sources of income in an effort to disrupt the tradition. Tanzanian charities designed to stop female genital mutilation have offered women startup capital to get them to end these practices and focus on small business. Bishagazi says at least two women have now stopped cutting and become part of his community program. A third is strongly considering it.
Slowly and step by step, with introductions and educational materials from TGNP, Bishagazi has built a community group focused on farming, women's leadership and safety. A youth garden for children to come and plant in after school is also part of the program. The adults are focused on growing vegetables, earning incomes and spreading the word that female genital mutilation risks women's lives and the community's health. The teens tend to the chickens and the vegetables -- and, soon, the fish pond -- and tell the older people if they hear of parents who are seeking to perform the procedure on their daughters.
The work is not easy
"Since I joined the program last year, I am waiting to see if next year the girls I have talked to will have to undergo the procedure," says Victoria Johnson, a 20-year-old involved in the Kipunguni program. Next year will be pivotal for the program to see if its efforts to educate and offer alternative incomes will make a difference. "It is very hard for them to understand because they are raised like that, to think it is a good thing."
Johnson faced the threat of cutting when she turned 18. She refused to undergo the process. She says angry relatives called her rejection of the practice "shameful" and told her father he was raising his children "against our culture." Johnson is among a lucky few: Her father sided with her and said that she didn't have to go through with the cutting if she didn't wish.
Gayle Tzemach Lemmon speaks with Seleiman Bishagazi about his work.
Gayle Tzemach Lemmon speaks with Seleiman Bishagazi about his work.
Many are not so lucky.
"I joined this program because I was not happy about undergoing cutting," Upendo Jackson says. "I refused to go through with it, but I had no choice." She puts her head in her hands for a moment as she talks to me about the pain she endured during female genital mutilation. "My mother was there and she thought it was the right thing because she went through it, and she was also very happy because afterward she got gifts from all the women."
Jackson stayed in bed sick for weeks after undergoing the procedure.
"It was so painful," she says. "I lost a lot of blood."
She vowed her younger sister would not face what she did. She says she took her to the police station and told the authorities to protect her sister. And she became committed to stopping the practice so that other girls would not have to face the hell she endured.
Jackson says she agrees with Bishagazi that dollars drive the practice.
"Many people doing FGM are doing it because they're poor," Jackson says. She cites her own story -- and notes that her mother bought land with the money she got from her cutting. "We think we could end it if people could get some capital."
Other young women in the program say that ending the practice is about standing up for themselves.
Empowering women through economics
"It is not the women who decide; it is the elders who say we have to continue this practice," says Justina Gasaya, a 20-something woman who is part of Bishagazi's program. "So when women are empowered, especially economically, it gives them power. And changes the balance of power in the community."
And getting more capital and more resources -- more power -- to women in his community is indeed Bishagazi's aim. He wants to grow the community's agriculture business, starting with planting vegetables and raising chickens and fish on a bigger plot of land his group received from the government.
He also is seeking to secure the funds -- about $9,000 -- to buy a cold storage facility that would help Jackson, Johnson and others in the group to process the food they grow and to sell at markets farther from home. The team is talking to supermarkets in Dar es Salaam about buying their organic products from them directly.
In Bishagazi's vision, these community farms would spread nationwide -- every place that female genital mutilation is proving hard to stop -- so that those who cut girls and families who turn to the practice for financial sustenance could find another way to survive.
Follow CNN Opinion
Join us on Twitter and Facebook

"We have realized when women don't have economic power it is very easy to conduct gender-based violence," Bishagazi says. "My dream is to end FGM once and for all."
For everyone who cares about building stronger, safer and more stable communities that grow more prosperous because they reap the talents of all their members -- boys and girls -- Bishagazi's dream matters a great deal. And it's one in which we all have a stake.



http://www.cnn.com/2017/12/02/opinions/gop-tax-plan-brainless-sachs-opinion/index.html
The GOP's rush to tax cuts was brainless
I am writing from Beijing, China, where forward-looking policies in infrastructure, technology and diplomacy have fueled rapid economic growth and even more remarkable technological advancement. By the mid-2020s, China will most likely lead the world in key technologies for low-carbon energy, robotics and advanced transportation, among other areas targeted in China's long-term development strategy.

In this context, the vacuity of US economic policy is especially poignant. President Donald Trump and Republican congressional leaders are rushing to spend a trillion dollars or more on unaffordable tax cuts for the richest Americans in a stunning monument to brainlessness.
Jeffrey Sachs
Jeffrey Sachs
The analyses by the Congressional Budget Office, the Joint Tax Committee and almost all independent experts come to the same conclusion. The tax cuts will have large effects on the budget deficit and negative effects for low-income Americans. The CBO has found that healthcare measures in the bill would reduce health coverage by 13 million Americans in 2027. The Joint Tax Committee has found that the growth effects are tiny and perhaps negative in the long term, once various short-term tax incentives are phased out and the public debt increases over time.
Does any of this matter to the President, Mitch McConnell, Paul Ryan and most Republican members of Congress? No. The mega-donors of the Republican Party, who pull the strings, will reap vast tax savings whether or not there is growth, huge deficits, soaring public debt or harm to the poor. Trump and family will win big, despite Trump's absurd claims to the contrary. This is a cabal that long ago gave up any interest for mainstream Americans, much less for the down and out.
A vote for this tax plan is a vote against women and families
A vote for this tax plan is a vote against women and families
What has happened to American democracy? It has gotten poisoned by partisanship and by big money, in both parties. In early 2009, President Barack Obama and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi designed a "stimulus" bill behind closed doors at the cost of almost $1 trillion. They claimed at the time, wrongly in my view, that hundreds of billions of dollars of hastily-designed transfer payments and other public outlays were necessary to save the country from a great depression. They passed that mega-spending bill without a single Republican vote in the House of Representatives. Paul Krugman assured us at the time, and for a long time after, that deficits in a recession don't matter (despite the fact that the debt would remain well after the downturn was over). Eight years later, the public debt is at 77% of GDP, up from around 39% at the time of the stimulus legislation.
GOP&#39;s double whammy against the middle class
GOP's double whammy against the middle class
Now the Republicans are doing the same thing -- passing a budget-busting bill without a single Democrat on their side, and before anybody has had a moment to read it. They will drive the government debt far higher, perhaps to 100% of GDP, since the current baseline is one of high and rising deficits over the coming decade. Their proposed legislation is far more noxious than the 2009 stimulus, since the tax cuts are designed to flow to the richest Americans, at a direct and immediate cost to poor Americans.
I'm amazed that we even had the last-minute reports by the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Tax Committee, so determined were Trump and the Republicans to vote without any evidence at all. The President, for his part, has repeatedly smeared the CBO to discredit any honest non-partisan thinking in Washington.
Join us on Twitter and Facebook

Our political crisis is so dire that we will be lucky to avoid a nuclear war, much less a soaring budget deficit. The world looks on in fear and astonishment, with the overpowering sense that America has become a danger to itself and the world, shortsighted, deeply divided and unwilling to consider the common good.



http://www.cnn.com/2017/11/30/opinions/women-complicit-harassment-lauer-roxanne-jones-opinion/index.html
Women enable men like Matt Lauer and Charlie Rose
Admit it.

Behind every sexual harasser, be he Matt Lauer or the man next door, likely stands a woman willing to excuse, cover up or feel "heartbroken" for the abuser once his lewd behavior is exposed. I've seen this time and time again and I know I'm not the only one.
You know these women. Maybe you are even one of them.
In some cases, these women are the personal assistants, executives and co-workers who have benefited from the harasser's success. They've gotten promotions, recognition and raises.
They may commiserate with other women in the ladies' room about the awful boys' club culture. But if you ever accuse a co-worker of sexual harassment or abuse, the last thing they will do is support you. If they have the power, these women may even fire you for causing a stir.
This week, NBC star Matt Lauer became the most recent man to fall amid sexual harassment allegations, which ranged from castigating a woman for not having sex with him after he dropped his pants in the office to sending women sex toys. On Thursday, Lauer apologized: "... there is enough truth in these stories to make me feel embarrassed and ashamed," he wrote. "I regret that my shame is now shared by the people I cherish dearly," his statement said.
When his "Today" show co-host Savannah Guthrie broke the news of Lauer's firing on air, she was clearly devastated.
Beware the sexual harassment backlash
Beware the sexual harassment backlash
"... I'm heartbroken for Matt. He is my dear, dear friend and my partner," Guthrie said on the show. "He is beloved by many, many people here." Guthrie added she also was heartbroken for the woman who came forward to tell her story and for those who might still come forward. Her fill-in co-host Hoda Kotb joined the Lauer lovefest.
Why would Guthrie and Kotb immediately rush in to praise Lauer before they even had details of the story? This type of selfish, blind loyalty is what enables these predators to reign with terror over working women in the first place. Must we always show this automatic sympathy for men we know who've shown such cruelty to women?
It's infuriating.
Rumors of their dear friend's womanizing ways were no secret in the media industry, according to Variety. Ann Curry was infamously ousted from the show as Lauer's co-host in 2012, in part allegedly because of her frosty relationship with Lauer, as noted by CNN's Brian Stelter and others. Curry always cited the boys' club environment at the Today's show, as Stelter noted.
The accusations against Lauer are increasing, and they are disturbing. In addition to the stories detailed in Variety, a different woman, who didn't want to be named, told the New York Times on Wednesday that Lauer had called her to his office back in 2001 to discuss a story. He locked the door, she said, bent her over a chair, pulled down her pants and had sex with her. She said she passed out and was taken to a nurse. She told The Times that she didn't report the assault at the time because she felt she didn't do enough to stop Lauer and was afraid she'd lose her job. She quit a year later.
Matt Lauer, Harvey Weinstein, Charlie Rose, Congressman John Conyers, Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore, even our "grab 'em by the p***y" President Trump -- all have had women eager to defend their honor, no matter how obscene the accusations of sexual harassment and abuse. Lauer, Rose, and Weinstein have apologized for at least some of the alleged behavior, with Weinstein denying anything non-consensual took place. One of Conyers' accusers is still asking for an apology. Moore has denied the allegations, as has President Trump -- who it was reported this week suggested the infamous Access Hollywood tape may have been a fake or altered, though he had apologized in the aftermath of its release to the press last fall.
The last place sexual harassers can get away with it
The last place sexual harassers can get away with it
Yvette Vega, an executive producer with Charlie Rose since 1991, knew for decades about her boss' crude behavior -- which, according to allegations, include his walking around naked in front of young women who worked with him, and late night sexual fantasy calls. Rose has been accused of sexual harassment by eight women. Still, Vega did nothing for women who asked her for help.
"I explained (to Vega) how he inappropriately spoke to me during those times," Kyle Godfrey-Ryan, a 21-year-old Rose assistant in the mid-2000s told The Washington Post. "She would just shrug and just say, 'That's just Charlie being Charlie.'" Vega doesn't deny she covered for the predator. "I should have stood up for them. I failed," she said in a statement. "It is crushing. I deeply regret not helping them."
Yes, Yvette. You did fail.
Another recent fail for women involves a not-as-famous but still powerful man, Mike Oreskes, who was recently forced to resign from his post as NPR's senior vice president of news after two women accused him of unwanted sexual contact. Oreskes admitted wrongdoing and apologized in an internal memo obtained by CNN. The alleged assaults happened when Oreskes was a Washington bureau chief for The New York Times. He also worked at the Associated Press. Decades later, women at NPR also complained about his alleged behavior.
Said Jill Abramson, who was Oreskes' deputy at The Times and eventually became the first female executive editor at paper: "Maybe confronting him would have somehow stopped him from doing it to another woman. ... I don't really feel it was in a gray area in retrospect. I should have stopped him," she told the Washington Post. Abramson, who left the paper in 2014, is now a lecturer at Harvard.
What if ... ambitious women weren&#39;t targets for &#39;great men&#39;
What if ... ambitious women weren't targets for 'great men'
It's hard to deny the reward for silence, for not supporting women who report harassment. Sadly, Vega and Abramson are examples of this. But silence like theirs ensures continued inequality of women in the workplace and puts women in danger.
It ruins the careers of countless talented, ambitious women. And that should be unacceptable. It's not enough to want full equality, or equal pay, or respect in the workplace if you are not willing to stand up and fight for it when it counts.
According to the US Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, "anywhere from 25% to 85% of women report having experienced sexual harassment in the workplace." That's a huge range, but even looking at 25% means 1 in 4 working women experience harassment. And the EEOC study also said that 75% of sexual harassment cases are never even reported.
I understand that these situations are complicated. Working relationships do sometimes grow into deep friendships, if you're lucky. And it's disheartening to find out that a male colleague you admire and respect, or even call a friend, may also be a sexist pig, or worse.
Follow CNN Opinion
Join us on Twitter and Facebook

Firing the harasser is not always warranted -- although if reports are true, Lauer had to go. There have been times when I've reported sexual harassment for myself, or other women and men, but I didn't demand the harasser be terminated. I didn't hire a lawyer and try to sue for big bucks. However, I did call for accountability -- a demotion, a record of the harassment in his personnel file, a canceled bonus, mandatory counseling -- some sign that the company didn't condone this behavior. This was not always achievable. Sometimes it was impossible and the abusers were protected.
That's why it's crucial that we continue to speak up and out these sexual harassers. But we must also confront the women in the room who continue to fail us all.
