http://www.dailycal.org/2017/11/14/alta-bates-planned-closure-puts-berkeley-residents-risk/
Alta Bates planned closure puts Berkeley residents at risk
CITY AFFAIRS: Community members have mobilized recently to fight Sutter Health's closure of Berkeley's only hospital.
By 2030, Berkeley’s only hospital will disappear: Patients will be forced to travel an extra 12 minutes by ambulance — potentially through Bay Area rush hour traffic — for emergency care in Oakland.
Sutter Health’s decision to close Alta Bates Summit Medical Center’s Ashby Avenue campus and move emergency services to its Oakland location is absurdly self-serving. As Berkeley Mayor Jesse Arreguín puts it, the situation is “a matter of life or death.”
Berkeley resident Chris Cosgrove told The Daily Californian her close family members would have died if Alta Bates’ emergency care services were not at the current Berkeley location.
A state law passed in 1994 requires all hospitals to be retrofitted to withstand major earthquakes. Rather than spend money to renovate the Berkeley location, Sutter Health is shuttering crucial services to cut costs at the expense of Berkeley residents’ physical well-being even though its assets have grown steadily from $12 billion in 2011 to $14 billion in 2015.
Berkeley City Councilmember Kriss Worthington told the San Francisco Chronicle that retrofitting “is expensive, but the city’s doing it, the university’s doing it, the landlords are doing it. And Sutter says, ‘Oh we’re just going to close down.’ ” And now, as Worthington added, we may all have to pay the price.
Alameda County’s emergency ambulance services are already “very understaffed,” said Dave Brannigan, deputy chief of the Berkeley Fire Department, to the East Bay Express. Extending the emergency response time will put critical-condition patients at greater risk and limit how quickly ambulances can respond to other calls for help.
Sutter Health’s decision left key stakeholders like city officials and nurses out of the loop. Even though Sutter Health isn’t a public entity, it’s a nonprofit and essentially operates as a public service. Yet, its executives seem wholly uninterested in the community they’re supposed to serve. They should have at least conferred with community stakeholders before unilaterally making such a detrimental decision.
Community members have made their thoughts on this matter clear. On Nov. 5, 150 marched around Alta Bates, strollers in tow. Nurses, residents and city officials have formed a task force to pressure Sutter Health into keeping the hospital open. State Sen. Nancy Skinner introduced a bill that would institute more protections against the closure of nonprofit hospitals (but Gov. Jerry Brown vetoed it in October).
Should Sutter shutter, it wouldn’t be the first time Berkeley goes without a hospital. And last time, there were deadly consequences. In 1904, a UC Berkeley professor was hurrying to catch a train downtown when he fell under the wheels and was crushed, according to an East Bay Times op-ed. His death led to calls for the establishment of a local hospital — because, as the op-ed puts it, “If you were seriously injured in Berkeley, comprehensive emergency medical facilities were not nearby.” The next year, a Berkeley location of Alta Bates was founded.
Sutter Health’s closure of Alta Bates walks back on a century’s worth promise of accessible and prompt emergency care for the thousands of Berkeley residents it serves.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/11/07/berkeley-community-fight-stay/
Berkeley community here to fight, here to stay
NATIONAL ISSUES: A look at Berkeley one year after the November 2016 election.
One year ago, Berkeley erupted. The rage in the air was palpable. After all, America had just voted in a president whose campaign repeatedly and aggressively framed women, disabled people, undocumented immigrants and many others as subhuman.
A year later, the atmosphere is unrecognizable: marginalized students and Berkeley residents face unabashed bigotry. White supremacists stalk through the city. Racist, sexist, homophobic slurs are hurled at passersby. The campus is often choked by a heavy, and expensive, police presence.
Donald Trump sailed into the White House on a campaign that condoned hate speech: White nationalists have become empowered, and with their rhetoric has come a real and present threat to the livelihood of thousands of people. Phrases such as “Illegals, ICE is coming,” and “build a wall, deport them all,” were chalked on Sproul Plaza in September. A photo of Milo Yiannopoulos, who harrasses transgender students and says “feminism is cancer,” leered from a bus stop by Cory Hall.
The conversation about free speech that has exploded once again on college campuses since Nov. 8, 2016 often misses the point: Just because the first amendment protects hate speech doesn’t mean hate speech should be considered normal or accepted.
Beyond ushering in a regressive social and political culture shift, the Trump administration enacts policies that deeply harm members of the Berkeley community. He announced the repeal of DACA, throwing thousands of undocumented UC students into limbo. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos rolled back Title IX protections for survivors of sexual violence. Trump’s new travel ban, which discriminates based on national origin, is now on hold after a judge’s ruling, but students fear an uncertain future.
One year ago, The Daily Californian editorial board wrote that the Berkeley community must “rally behind communities in any and every way possible.” And it has. The Undocumented Student Program helps spread information related to DACA renewals and appeals, as well as direct students to legal counsel. The local NorCal ACLU chapter is offering funds for groups to host speakers that better reflect the values of this campus.
In September, Berkeley High students formed a human chain to support DACA, and Berkeley residents of all ages have continuously stood thousands-strong in the face of blatant white supremacy.
Administrators like Carol Christ and Oscar Dubón need to follow the lead of student leaders who have set an example in standing up to bigotry. City officials, too, like Mayor Jesse Arreguín and City Council need to drive our city to live up to bold, compassionate standards.
The bigotry, discrimination and hate that has launched into the mainstream is not normal. It  cannot be normalized. But if any community is positioned to fight back, it’s Berkeley. In the words of the Berkeley High students rallying on the steps of Sproul Plaza the day after the election: We’re here to fight, and we’re here to stay.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/11/03/berkeley-mayor-must-explicitly-call-racial-disparity-policing/
Berkeley mayor must explicitly call out racial disparity in policing
CITY AFFAIRS: City Council punted on two major Berkeley police reform items at its Tuesday meeting.
City Council was set to consider three major Berkeley police reform items at its meeting Tuesday. At the 11th hour, Mayor Jesse Arreguín and Councilmember Sophie Hahn submitted alternatives that diluted language the original proposal.
A direct acknowledgement of “racial disparity” was wiped entirely from a proposal that would force Berkeley Police Department to track “yield rates” for police stops in order to determine any “disparate racial treatment.”
The hypocrisy from the mayor here is unbelievable. Back in 2014 before his mayorship, Arreguín said regarding a new “fair and impartial policing” training program to reduce racial bias that “Berkeley is a progressive community, but for decades we’ve heard of black and brown people being the subject of racial profiling.”
This wasn’t the only bad move on the part of City Council.
Another proposal would have asked for the creation of language for a ballot measure to amend the city charter to strengthen the Police Review Commission, a more than 40-year-old institution that has yet to undergo serious structural changes.
The removal of commitment to a charter amendment ballot measure was as “offensive” as working to remove a reference to racial disparities, said Councilmember Kriss Worthington — a sponsor of all of the original proposals — in an email. “We cannot have most important PRC reforms unless the voters get to vote on it.”
To be exceptionally clear: The items that Worthington first proposed are what this city needs to work to repair a broken relationship between the police and many members of this community.
City Council ended up tabling these two proposals, only approving the third police-related proposal to reform BPD’s use of force policy to increase reporting requirements in confrontations between police officers and residents that involvie physical force.
Since becoming mayor, Arreguín has become sluggish in his commitment to improving oversight and accountability of police. So far during his tenure, City Council has failed to roll back Urban Shield and passed broad ordinances awarding police more power to regulate protests. He even backed an ordinance allowing more judicious use of pepper spray ahead of planned alt-right rallies in the city.
In an interview with The Daily Californian’s editorial board, Arreguín justified his decision by saying the police “have exercised enormous restraint in these events, and I can assure you if I wasn’t the mayor of Berkeley, they would have used a lot more force.”
Arreguín came to power on the votes of those who long-opposed former mayor Tom Bates’ opaque and obtuse leadership. Bates frequently back-loaded agendas, leading to issues being punted to future meetings, and he rarely took community comments under consideration. Arreguín’s win felt like a strong rebuke of those tactics.
Instead, the mayor has increasingly shown a disappointing lack of urgency to enact police reforms, and a frankly stunning ability to lead long meetings most characterized by public comments that get ignored.
Under attack during Tuesday’s meeting, Arreguín claimed that he takes racism seriously because he himself has been the subject of racism. And so have many in Berkeley. Until he makes structural moves to address racial disparities in policing, and increase civilian oversight, Arreguín’s claims of solidarity will not feel substantive.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/10/31/event-policy-draft-use-improvement/
Event policy draft could use improvement
CAMPUS ISSUES: Student organizations may suffer the consequences of recent security scares.
Cal Hacks couldn’t secure Wheeler Auditorium for the opening and closing ceremonies of its October hackathon. The Berkeley Forum couldn’t accommodate all the interested audience members for its recent event with Josh Earnest, former president Barack Obama’s press secretary. Problems like these will only get worse for student groups planning events going forward. The culprit? A hastily concocted campus event policy.
The Berkeley College Republicans and the Young America’s Foundation invited speakers Milo Yiannopoulos and Ann Coulter to visit campus in the spring, prompting security concerns. UC Berkeley mobilized, spending hundreds of thousands of dollars to bring in hundreds of police officers as reinforcements. In an attempt to patch holes in its existing events policy, the campus issued interim rules for event planning in August.
Now, with this new policy (still under review), innocent student organizations may suffer the consequences of these security scares. To host an event with more than 200 people, student groups must secure a venue and notify UCPD a ridiculous eight weeks ahead of the planned event.
Most people invited as speakers to campus don’t have their schedules set two months in advance, and it’s nearly impossible to gauge interest and attendance eight weeks out. Additionally, ASUC Senator Nuha Khalfay pointed out during an ASUC meeting that the policy could block students from holding vigils, which by nature cannot be scheduled months ahead of time.
“While we still have the ability to host our events, we certainly will not be able to serve as large of an audience as we have in the past, which is disappointing,” said Berkeley Forum President Haley Keglovits to The Daily Californian.
The policy holds that campus police will “assess security needs based on objective and credible evidence of specific risks, and not on assessment of the viewpoints, opinions, or anticipated expression of event speakers.” If a campus group disagrees with the security assessment made by UCPD, which could be overly cost prohibitive, it gives them the opportunity to appeal — and appeals go straight to the chancellor.
The policy clearly reaffirms a commitment to free speech in language but seemingly functions to create pipelines for central administration to seize control should an event planning process turn into a PR crisis.
The community feedback period for the new rules ends today. After, the policy will undergo a few more rounds of review before submission to the chancellor for approval in December.
Chancellor Carol Christ constantly reiterates the need for “more speech” to counter hate speech. She should take her own advice by ensuring that the large swath of student groups that actually bring diverse perspectives to the campus don’t get censured by the new policy.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/10/27/history-visual-propaganda-not-neglected/
History of visual propaganda, stereotypes should not be neglected
CAMPUS ISSUES: A recent editorial cartoon stoked valid criticism.
The historical trail of anti-Semitism is long and patterned with violence. When The Daily Californian published an editorial cartoon Oct. 13 streaked with visual reminders of this history, it normalized what should be long-gone stereotypes.
The responsibility of any opinion section is to provide a space for dialogue, critique and reflection. But in order for productive conversations on a variety of topics to occur across differences, opinion pieces must fundamentally acknowledge the humanity of opposing parties. Otherwise, no productive conversation can take place. That means building from a foundation of informed, historical context, including an awareness of harmful and hateful tropes and stereotypes.
Civil liberties lawyer Alan Dershowitz wrote in a letter to the editor that the cartoon depicting him resembled “grotesque anti-Semitic blood libel propaganda” similar to material printed in pro-Nazi newspaper Der Stürmer in the 1930s. Blood libel refers to false allegations of Jews’ ritualistic murders of Christian children.
And readers have noted that the form of Dershowitz’s body in the cartoon recalls Nazi-era depictions of Jews as spiders and insectlike or as other types of creatures perceived as malevolent vermin.
The co-presidents of Bears for Israel wrote in a letter to the editor that “The two elements of the cartoon, with Dershowitz’s face in the front and the black body in the back, plays into the anti- Semitic trope of Jews as shape-shifting, sub-human entities using deception and trickery in order to advance their own agendas.”
Other time-worn, malicious stereotypes draw Jews as two-faced and deceitful, manipulative and operating in the shadows, often achieved through the depiction of Jews as puppet masters. Propaganda playing on these stereotypes was distributed to rationalize the systematic murder of Jewish people.
Readers voiced that the cartoon played into tropes that are still damaging and pervasive today, indeed seemingly on the rise, which robbed them of the right to feel welcome in the Berkeley community.
The past has a strong, ever-present hand in contemporary anti-Semitic sentiment. It is easier to view an image in a vacuum — to ignore the power of context. But without being cognizant and vigilant in understanding a storied history, one weakens the force of their argument and operates to erase certain forms and histories of oppression.
When a writer picks up a pen, or an artist their paintbrush, they must also pick up a history book.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/10/24/current-climate-new-vice-chancellor-equity-inclusion-must-step/
In current climate, new vice chancellor of equity and inclusion must step up
CAMPUS ISSUES: Oscar Dubón, Jr. will need a clearer vision if he wants to succeed.
In the Trump era, blatant vocal bigotry is increasingly acceptable, and systemic oppression is ignored or exacerbated. The vice chancellor of equity and inclusion shoulders an ever-growing responsibility to advocate effectively for marginalized communities on campus.
Oscar Dubón, Jr. is new to the position (he started in July) and must work fast to become well-versed in a vast array of issues from disability rights to food insecurity in order to make concrete changes that improve campus climate.
Fabrizio Mejia, assistant vice chancellor of student equity and success, said the catch-up process can be like “drinking from a fire hose.”
And Dubón has big shoes to fill. Former Vice Chancellor of Equity and Inclusion Na’ilah Nasir filled the role with an eloquence, openness and emotional intelligence rarely seen in administrators.
Dubón has a STEM background, which has its advantages: he has experience with the field’s deep diversity issues and has a quantitative mindset that puts an emphasis on data gathering and analysis. But what he may lack currently is the ability to articulate and derive bigger picture solutions from what the data show.
For example, when Wheeler Hall reopened this semester without an ADA-compliant elevator, it indicated a systemic problem: seemingly positive changes made on campus can often leave behind people with disabilities. But when The Daily Californian’s editorial board asked if this might be an issue that falls under the purview of his office, he demurred.
“I’m not responsible for the buildings,” he said, explaining his job entails raising concerns to others who are able to take action. “I cannot take action. Even if I wanted to, that’s not my responsibility.” But even if Dubón is limited in the scope of his power, the vice chancellor of equity and inclusion should speak with authority on an issue like ADA-accessibility problems. Instead, his commitment, understanding of who to contact to make changes, and follow-through seem deeply lacking.
The office Dubón leads is on the newer side. It was created in 2006 to boost UC Berkeley’s snail-like progress on diversity issues. The idea was that a high-level administrator would have the closer relationship — and thus the greater attention of — other high-power individuals to make structural changes to a system proved inadequate.
His office has already hosted presentations from organizations such as the Southern Poverty Law Center, and he plans on establishing other workshops focused on what it means to express free speech through protest.
But this isn’t enough. More than three months in, Dubón still seems unclear on whether he aims to advocate for marginalized students who are structurally silenced, or represent the campus on the whole. This issue is most clear in his thoughts regarding the renaming of buildings like Barrows Hall that honor racist historical figures — an issue that has long been touted by many students of color as simple changes that could improve campus climate.
When addressing this subject, Dubón said he would have to take into account how the current building names affect “all students, staff and faculty and all members of our community.” But an issue like this disproportionately affects people of color on this campus. Despite his goals to uplift students of color, Dubón seemed to lack focus in pursuing a resolution.
Dubón certainly won’t succeed in his plans to advocate for marginalized students if he embraces the politicized view that there exists a silent majority he must represent to the same extent that he works to improve the campus for people of color and other historically underrepresented students.
To push the envelope on the campus’s diversity efforts, the vice chancellor of equity and inclusion’s vision, as Mejia puts it, should “always be at the borderline at somewhat impossible, or we’re not being bold enough.”
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/10/20/new-law-aiming-restrict-uc-campuses-giving-enrollment-preference-state-students-misses-mark/
New law aiming to restrict UC campuses from giving enrollment preference to out-of-state students misses the mark
UNIVERSITY ISSUES: California lawmakers should not waste its time passing bills that ask UC compliance with guidelines it is are already following.
Gov. Jerry Brown signed a toothless bill Saturday that aims to prohibit UC campuses from giving enrollment preference to out-of-state students, but amounts to little more than political grandstanding.
Assembly Bill 1674 demands that the UC system ensure the academic qualifications of out-of-state students admitted are generally higher than those of in-state students — demands that are both unenforceable and based on a misinterpretation of the realities of UC’s admissions.
Assemblymember Catharine Baker (R-Dublin), a co-author of the bill, said to The Daily Californian that the state legislature doesn’t have the authority to directly change UC policies. The UC is an independent entity, and the legislature can only use bills to wield indirect influence on the system. Baker told the Daily Cal she hopes the UC will “take this bill to heart.”
But if the legislature intends to make room for more in-state students, it’s clear this bill misses the mark. Instead, it functions as a way to score easy political points by putting pressure on the UC system.
The tussle over whether out-of-state students are crowding out California residents, and the confusing, amorphous authority the state has to limit their enrollment, is a tired one.
In a scathing March 2016 audit, the state auditor alleged UC admission standards for nonresident admission dropped, making it harder for in-state students to gain admission. The UC admitted nearly 16,000 nonresidents over the last three years with academic scores below the median of admitted residents. The audit concludes the university should tap alternative methods to cut costs before relying on the tuition dollars of out-of-state students.
In response, UC president Janet Napolitano blasted the audit, saying in a statement that it drew conclusions that are “supported neither by the data nor by sound analysis.” There is no disagreement over the mission of the UC system — that it was built to serve state residents. But it’s been well-understood that state funding has dwindled, and the UC has had no choice but to enroll more out-of-state students — who pay three times the amount of tuition as in-state students do.
Nonetheless, citing the audit, lawmakers threatened to hold $18.5 million from the budget if the system didn’t implement a cap on the number of out of state students. Then, in May 2017, the university approved a 20 percent cap on nonresident enrollment, assuaging many of the concerns the bill posits.
Yet, the legislature continues to waste its time passing bills that direct the UC to do something it is already committed to.
If state lawmakers hope to support the mission of the UC in successfully educating generations of California residents, it must work to divert funding to higher education. Instead, it continues to pressure the UC to stretch each dollar to accommodate ballooning classes at the expense of a quality education.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/10/17/berkeley-far-ready-next-big-hills-fire/
Berkeley far from ready for next big hills fire
CITY AFFAIRS: As California grapples with wildfire month, Berkeley must take steps to implement better fire prevention.
Northern California is burning.
A hundred thousand subject to evacuation, dozens missing and more than 40 dead. The destruction seems overwhelming and senseless. As the state continues to grapple with what is colloquially known as “wildfire month,” Berkeley must take steps to minimize the damage, should similar wildfires ravage its hills.
Berkeley has not been untouched this past week: Under a smoky haze, people donned masks and holed up indoors. Many community members know a friend or family member who was forced to flee. Several UC Berkeley students have seen their homes and towns decimated.
UC Berkeley sophomore Marina Vidaurri, whose house and neighborhood were destroyed by the fire, said her area “just looks like a war zone.”
The North Bay fires are tragic, and they serve as a wake-up call. Berkeley City Councilmember Susan Wengraf, whose district includes large swaths of the Berkeley hills, says the dense vegetation makes the hills “ripe for a fire.” Under the right weather conditions, something small might activate the environment, and the consequences will be severe.
The East Bay is no stranger to the devastation of firestorms, yet wildfire prevention in the Berkeley-Oakland area has faced several setbacks in recent years.
Last year, the Federal Emergency Management Agency pulled funds granted to the campus and Oakland for tree reduction — including the removal of highly flammable eucalyptus trees — after a group of local activists filed a lawsuit against it. With the funding pulled, UC Berkeley Fire Fuel Management Program announced an indefinite delay of its fire hazard reduction program.
In addition, money from an Oakland assessment tax that funds wildfire prevention programs implemented after the destructive 1991 Oakland-Berkeley hills fire is set to run out about the end of this year. In 2013, the tax renewal was irrationally voted down.
Berkeley needs to mitigate these setbacks and establish more prevention programs.
For about two to three years, the public works and transportation commissions have jointly been studying the feasibility of undergrounding electric wires in Berkeley. Aboveground electric wires can pose risks, because they can start fires or block roadways when they’re downed. City Council delayed voting on undergrounding utility wires in 2015. That study needs to be completed and put into action. Fires don’t wait for bureaucracy.
Windy, narrow roads in the Berkeley hills have been barriers to emergency vehicles in the past, leading to deaths caused by delayed response times. Wengraf said that last month, an initial survey was done to gauge residents’ reception to “red striping” more of the streets — a process which would remove parking spaces on particularly tight streets to make more room for fire services and evacuation routes. In general, people seemed open to the idea, Wengraf said.
But when push comes to shove, efforts to red stripe more blocks in the hills will likely be met with immense pushback because residents “feel proprietary about the space in front of their house, even though it’s a public street,” Wengraf said.
Berkeley shouldn’t burn because affluent residents won’t give up their parking or because non-native eucalyptus trees continue to dot our hills.
And given the controversy regarding wine country officials’ decisions not to send out certain alerts, Berkeley should take a hard look at its emergency alert policy and make sure it’s up to par.
California mourns for the communities of North Bay. To give the proper respect demanded of the immensity of this tragedy, it is up to Berkeley to do everything in its power to ensure a similar disaster doesn’t occur in its hills.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/10/13/asuc-cannot-neglect-sexual-violence-prevention-commission/
ASUC cannot neglect sexual violence prevention commission
CAMPUS ISSUES: The ASUC Senate is supposed to approve the commission chair each spring. So why did it wait until late in the fall semester?
Nearly two months into the fall semester, the ASUC sexual violence prevention commission sits abandoned — inactive, because apparently, only one person applied to be its chair.
A topic as important as sexual violence prevention, especially at this campus, cannot be left to sit and rot. It is the job of the ASUC Senate to nominate and approve the commission chair each spring. So why, this year, did it wait until the fall semester — late into the fall semester — to look at the options?
If the problem were a lack of applicants, there should have been more publicizing of the opportunity earlier on. There is no shortage of students in UC Berkeley who care about improving campus sexual violence policy, so there’s no excuse on the ASUC’s part for neglecting this commission.
The ASUC officer in charge of progress and general administration for all ASUC commissions, Evan Cui, told The Daily Californian that he was “urgently working to get it up and running” but couldn’t specify a timeline.
Time and time again, this commission in particular has paused work or lain forgotten.
In September 2015, the ASUC Senate made a last-minute decision to withdraw its nomination of then-UC Berkeley senior Meghan Warner for chair to open up the position to a more diverse array of candidates.
The decision meant the rejection of a leader with extensive knowledge and understanding of the issue and that the work of the commission would be delayed.
In the ensuing months, the commission went through interim leadership and directional change. Now, the commission is in flux again. Getting it back on track will require a lot of focused work.
UC Berkeley students deserve a timeline. At the very least, the status of the commission should be a topic of discussion at the upcoming ASUC Senate meeting.
Former assistant director of the commission Thanh Mai Bercher told The Daily Californian that this commission “wasn’t the only place this work was being done.” And it’s true. Many in the ASUC take it upon themselves to focus on sexual violence and survivor support. But the point of creating a commission with a focus on sexual violence is to ensure that as an institution, the ASUC will always lead the charge and efforts won’t fall by the wayside.
This campus has chronically failed to support survivors of sexual violence, as evidenced by its handling of high profile cases such as those involving former Berkeley Law dean Sujit Choudhry and former astronomy professor Geoffrey Marcy.
In February, The Daily Californian obtained more than 100 cases of sexual misconduct across the UC system; the majority of cases involved students, which means the ASUC must take on this issue with full force to successfully represent its constituents.
On a campus whose recent leadership missed the mark — with awful consequences — in equitably addressing sexual harassment cases, it’s paramount that organized student leadership such as the ASUC do as much as it can to represent the student voice in UC Berkeley discussions on sexual violence policy.
Especially at a time when the federal government is pushing national conversation on sexual harassment backward, UC Berkeley absolutely needs a proactive group of students under the umbrella of the student government working tirelessly to fight for fair and equitable policies.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/10/10/new-university-wisconsin-policy-hypocritically-exploits-idea-free-speech-punish-student-protestors/
New University of Wisconsin policy hypocritically exploits idea of free speech to punish student protestors
NATIONAL ISSUES: The new policy comes amid a perceived "free speech" crisis.
On Friday, the governing board of the University of Wisconsin system approved a policy placing harsh sanctions — suspension or expulsion — on students who repeatedly disrupt campus speeches. The vote comes amid a perceived “free speech” crisis: a crippling disdain for conservative thought on liberal college campuses.
Did it ever occur to University of Wisconsin’s board of regents that heckling itself is a form of free speech? The policy explicitly reaffirms a commitment to free speech yet says members of the community cannot interfere with others right to “express views they reject or even loathe.”
In other words, don’t protest.
These restrictions would effectively turn college campuses into safe spaces for bigoted speech, actively muffling students threatened by the likes of Milo Yiannopoulos.
The proposal is also a part of a Republican-backed legislative bill that passed Wisconsin’s state assembly in June, but hasn’t yet gone to the senate.
The same people that tout their commitment to free speech are using it as a cover to curtail the First Amendment rights of marginalized students.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/10/10/uc-berkeley-must-contend-role-dark-history-indigenous-erasure/
UC Berkeley must contend with its role in dark history of indigenous erasure
UNIVERSITY ISSUES: UC Berkeley rests on the remains of more than 10,000 Native Americans.
UC Berkeley rests on Ohlone land and the remains of more than 10,000 Native Americans forcibly exhumed in the name of science. The campus has not fully recognized its harmful role in a long history of indigenous erasure.
In the early 1900s, UC Berkeley anthropologist Alfred Kroeber displayed a Native American man from the Yahi tribe in the Museum of Anthropology, and named him “Ishi.” Ishi died just five years later, after which his brain was used for eugenics-based research.
When the state legislature attempted to push through a bill that would begin the process of returning the artifacts to Native American tribes, the University of California lobbied against it, saying it would obstruct its research.
Now, repatriation only occurs through a federal law with far less teeth than the state law would have had.
As of 2013, UC Berkeley had repatriated a dismal 3 percent of its collection of 10,000 remains — that for years were stored in a dingy space beneath Hearst Gym since at least the early 1960s. Lalo Franco, cultural heritage director of the Tachi Yokut tribe, called their resting place “a dungeon” in the LA Times.
In 2007, the campus disbanded a special unit charged with mediating between tribes and the Phoebe A. Hearst Museum of Anthropology, a move meant to improve collaboration with tribes. But the move, made without consulting tribes or Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act representatives, was criticized for having the opposite effect, and stoked protests
Robert Price, former associate vice chancellor for research, said in 2008 that tribes were excluded from the review process because they lacked experience in museum operations.
The dismissive, insensitive remarks and actions by UC Berkeley administrators does not bode well for future repentance.
The campus has issued a few apologies, but that isn’t enough. UC Berkeley cannot even begin to work to repair the damage it has done without paying due attention to its history of racist practices. Tony Platt, a professor of justice studies at San Jose State University, wrote in an LA Times op-ed that the university “owes at the very least 10,000 more apologies.”
Beyond apologies, the campus must make real effort to speed up and financially support the repatriation process. It must fight for native peoples’ representation in the bodies that oversee repatriation, and in the student and faculty bodies at large. But instead, it has slashed institutional support for indigenous students, cutting the Native American Student Development office’s budget from $27,000 to $14,000 for the 2017-18 academic year.
There are few indigenous students on UC Berkeley’s campus, and looking back at its dark history, it’s no surprise. UC Berkeley senior Ron Spencer told The Daily Californian he and other Native American students struggle constantly just to ensure their narratives are not completely excluded from conversations.
The campus and the UC must make a concerted effort to seek out and listen to indigenous students, faculty and community members as a first step. They have a long way to go.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/10/06/student-leaders-continued-collaboration-crucial/
Student leaders’ continued collaboration is crucial
UNIVERSITY ISSUES: Graduate student leaders opted to split off from the UC Student Association, potentially weakening the student voice in state conversations.
Graduate student leaders opted last week to split off from the well-established advocacy body, the UC Student Association, dealing a blow that could deeply impact the power of student voices in systemwide conversations and state legislation.
Graduate students say they needed to form the UC Graduate-Professional Coalition because their distinct experiences were consistently sidelined and inadequately represented within the UCSA, arguing that the association too often spotlights the plight of undergraduate students.
“Often, graduate students are marginalized. Very rarely do people think about those students needs when they think about the campus as a whole,” said UC Berkeley Graduate Assembly President Kena Hazelwood-Carter in a previous interview with The Daily Californian.
This abrupt breakaway creates an uncertain future that was completely avoidable. Undergraduate student leaders missed several warning signs to effectively address graduate student concerns.
At the March and April UCSA graduate committee meetings, concerns first surfaced: From that came an official push to distinguish graduate students as a separate constituency. At the July meeting, the board voted down a proposal to restructure UCSA to include separate graduate and undergraduate divisions within the organization — a vote that failed in large part because of undergraduate students’ majority on the board.
But the graduate students’ vote last week to break away and create UCGPC was not only done hastily, but it was also thoroughly ill-considered. The split means that the voice of more than 240,000 UC students as a collective whole will no longer be channeled through the UCSA, weakening a a nearly 50-year-old institution that lobbies in Sacramento, speaks at UC Board of Regents meetings and regularly meets with UC officials.
Michael Skiles, president of UCLA’s Graduate Students Association and chair of the Graduate and Professional Summit that founded UCGPC, told the Daily Bruin that one of the concerns was that UCSA spends most of its time working on “lowest common denominator issues” that both undergraduates and graduates agree on, like lowering tuition and housing affordability — as if that’s a bad thing. These issues require intense focus and effort for a reason: They affect students broadly, across the spectrum of students within the UC system.
And questions linger about how the new organization will work. Will it meet with the UC president with the same frequency as the UCSA president does? How will UCGPC’s input factor into the process for selecting the next student regent? It’s difficult to tell, this early on, what this structural change will mean.
As this separate body develops, both the UCSA and UCGPC need to continue to work closely together (as they say they will), or all students will suffer. Finding opportunities to collaborate and build coalitions, especially with other mechanisms of California higher education — the California State University system, community colleges, faculty and alumni — heightens the effectiveness of our advocacy, says student advisor to the UC Board of Regents Rafi Sands.
Student leaders are crucial megaphones for the rest of the UC community. The numerous advocacy bodies must work to find the issues they agree on so that their messaging to lawmakers is clear and united, not muddled and contradictory. If students don’t look out for students, who else will?
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/09/29/harrowing-times-students-can-turn-support/
In harrowing times, students can turn to each other for support
CAMPUS ISSUES: Sessions is simply wrong to dismiss the importance of counseling at a time in which college students encounter raw, targeted and blatant racism on a regular basis.
There’s been one major silver lining in the last week. In the face of unprecedented harassment, fear and discomfort, students have rallied around each other, providing support and comfort in harrowing times. They’ve had to.
On Wednesday, Trump supporters harassed a group of Black students gathered outside of Golden Bear Cafe for their weekly “Black Wednesday” event.
Right-wing protesters attacked local business Revolution Books three times in the two days after Milo Yiannopoulos came to campus, allegedly yelling rape threats and phrases such as, “Die commie scum” at store employees and customers.
The threat presented to marginalized groups, incited by speakers such as Ben Shapiro and Yiannopoulos, is real and incredibly harmful. No one should have to elbow through crowds of white supremacists and hoards of police or jump orange barricades to make their way to class.
And yet, Attorney General Jeff Sessions had the gall to take the mic Tuesday at Georgetown University and deride UC Berkeley for offering counseling to support community members that felt unsafe ahead of the Ben Shapiro event.
The events of the last weeks, including “Free Speech Week” — complete with screaming white supremacists, suffocating attention from national media and an abnormally high number of classes canceled — is overwhelming for students who are just trying to go about their lives. The psychological and physical threat is compounded for Black, Latinx, undocumented or transgender students whose communities face disproportionate levels of police brutality.
So Sessions is simply wrong to dismiss the importance of counseling and community support at a time in which college students encounter raw, targeted and blatant racism and harassment on a daily basis.
When Black students were harassed outside GBC on Wednesday, protesting allies formed a circle around them with their bodies to shield them from Trump supporters. Other members of the community have also risen to meet the unprecedented challenges posed by Free Speech Week.
Students and faculty members swiftly mobilized: The English department sent out a spreadsheet put together by students in partnership with Latinx Emerging in English to connect people who might feel safer walking to class in groups.
On a campus teeming with white nationalists from out of town, students are often each others’ only and best advocates. As Free Speech Week recedes into the past, students will search for different ways to heal and decompress. For some, it’s as easy as taking a day to picnic at Dolores Park or taking a night off to binge-watch and clear their headspace. Escaping isn’t easy, of course, because even grabbing a casual meal on the south side of Berkeley can be an uncomfortable experience, given that Pappy’s has become a hub for right-wing protesters. For many, it’s a time to connect, or reconnect, with important community-based support groups and safe spaces.
Here are some helpful resources:
Muslim Student Association: MSA was created to foster a social community for Muslims on UC Berkeley’s campus. The MSA provides drop-in counseling and an “Ummah Talks” support group.
Multicultural Community Center: The MCC is a student-led space that aims to build intercultural collaborations between students. It provides a study space and an inclusive environment for dialogue. On Wednesdays, the MCC hosts dialogues, art-making and teach-ins.
Fannie Lou Hamer Black Resource Center: The Fannie Lou Hamer Black Resource Center provides Black students and organizations with space to organize and engage in academic, social-cultural activities, leadership, community development and networking activities.
Gender Equity Resource Center: GenEq is UC Berkeley’s on-campus community center dedicated to promoting inclusivity through programs and services related to gender and sexuality. Find GenEq on Sproul Plaza on Oct. 4 and help create affirmation posters that will bolster overall morale on campus.
Underrepresented Researchers of Color
UROC creates community and educates its members in order to increase the number of students of color in undergraduate research programs, and it aims to make sure that these students succeed in these programs. UROC hosts workshops and does campus outreach.
Undocumented Students Program
The Undocumented Students Program provides academic counseling, mental health support and financial aid guidance. In addition, the program also offers comprehensive free legal resources in partnership with the East Bay Community Law Center. Through the program, undocumented student can apply for emergency grants or make an appointment with legal support staff.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/09/26/uc-berkeley-must-reduce-barriers-student-financial-stability/
UC Berkeley must reduce barriers to student financial stability
CAMPUS ISSUES: Many students have experienced long delays in receiving financial aid disbursements. This is unacceptable.
More than 2,500 students were chosen at random to resubmit tax documents for IRS verification this year. Some will have waited 10 weeks by the time that their financial aid disbursement comes in, despite having followed this request. This is unacceptable.
The campus is grappling with an expanded volume of students who must undergo the verification process in light of new federal requirements. To its credit, the campus is distributing financial aid faster than last year, with $200 million going out in five days, as opposed to 10 days.
Hundreds of students will still experience weeks or months without their critical financial aid money. Until they get their aid, those students will struggle to feed themselves, let alone pay rent.
In the meantime, the campus is giving students the ludicrous option of filing small emergency loans — with a quick 60-day turnaround for repayment — to pay registration fees or rent that should have been covered by financial aid in the first place. The extra paperwork is burdensome, and the campus does little to relieve the stress vulnerable students face.
If a student receives their disbursement after that 60-day period and incurs a late fee because they aren’t able to pay back the loan on time, it’s on them to get on the phone with the financial aid office to get the fee waived or pay the price.
The Cancel for Non-Payment policy implemented last year, which requires students to pay 20 percent of their tuition or be dropped from their classes, ups the stakes for students who aren’t getting their aid in time.
UC Berkeley junior Jaskirat Gaelan told The Daily Californian she once had to call the office 40 to 50 times before she was able to get directly in contact with a Cal Student Central representative. The financial aid office is clearly understaffed and overworked. Campus needs to designate more resources to the office, or lower-income students will continue to bear the consequences.
Assistant Vice Chancellor and Director of Financial Aid and Scholarships Cruz Grimaldo said the campus is working to improve the process next year and has shaved down the response time to about two to three weeks. Campus needs to do so much more.
“It’s frustrating for me to know we spent $600,000 on police measures (at Ben Shapiro’s event) and we can’t afford to pay financial aid,” said ASUC president Zaynab AbdulQadir-Morris to The Daily Californian.
UC Berkeley bent over backwards to assemble vast security details to allow Shapiro and Milo Yiannopoulos to speak in some of the most visible locations on campus. Campus sure seems to mobilize quickly when it is faced with a public relations crisis.
Year after year, students continue to face unnecessary anxiety, and the campus does comparatively little — even as it touts its commitment to being a vehicle for upward mobility and improved livelihoods.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/09/26/cal-football-team-takes-knee-national-anthem-fans/
If Cal football takes knee during national anthem, fans should too
NFL players across the country took a knee this Sunday during the national anthem in protest of President Donald Trump’s disparaging remarks toward athletes who had already participated in this movement. If members of the Cal football team follow their lead and make a statement in Oregon next weekend, the fans should support them.
When Trump publicly condemned (in a tweet, no less) football players’ rights to peacefully protest, he created an unprecedented level of political unity in the sports world. On Sunday, players of all beliefs across the NFL, and even different sports, stood arm in arm with a powerful message: The president doesn’t get to decide which kind of peaceful protest is acceptable and which is not.
It all started in 2016, when Colin Kaepernick, a reserve quarterback for the 49ers, took a knee during the national anthem to take a stand against police brutality. His action prompted a symbolic movement across the country by other football players.
Should Cal football players, and all Cal athletes, follow the lead of professional teams — nearly every member of the Oakland Raiders took a knee during the anthem Sunday — they would not be acting without precedent.
In December 2014, in solidarity with the Black Lives Matter movement, the Cal women’s basketball team wore T-shirts stamped with “I can’t breathe,” referencing Eric Garner’s death at the hands of a police officer.
And in October 2016, football players at Berkeley High School took a knee to protest racial inequality and diversity issues at BHS, following the example of Kaepernick.
College athletes should take the platform they hold seriously. Last week, nearly 50,000 fans watched Cal Football play USC. Many more watched the game on ABC.
Making a statement like kneeling during the anthem would send a powerful message to these viewers that college athletes do not turn a blind eye to systemic racism that so many suffer from in this country.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.
Clarification(s):A previous version of this editorial may have implied Cal Football players are on the field during the national anthem. In fact, they are not. The editorial has been updated to reflect that Cal athletes can use their platform to support this movement.
Correction(s):A previous version of this editorial incorrectly stated that nearly 50,000 fans watched as Cal Football players honored the flag during the national anthem. In fact, Cal Football players were not on the field during the national anthem.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/09/22/right-wing-student-groups-invite-bigoted-trolls-invade-campus-guise-free-speech/
Right-wing student groups invite bigoted trolls to invade campus under guise of free speech
CAMPUS ISSUES: The campus is bleeding resources to support events put on by Berkeley College Republicans and Berkeley Patriot.
When a Milo-type comes to Berkeley, the campus knows the drill: It throws up orange barricades, dispatches swarms of police around Sproul Plaza and shuts down critical student services. Professors cancel classes, and anthropology lectures are abandoned. A vast PR and media machine mobilizes under a reductive “free speech” narrative.
The four-day “Free Speech Week” event is another excuse for provocateurs to hide behind a “free speech” label and unleash inane, tired and violent ideas that threaten a vast population of the Berkeley community’s right to exist.
In just the past few days, Yiannopoulos’ army of trolls went after ASUC senators and confirmed speaker David Horowitz’s organization hung targeted, hateful, false posters on campus. This is not diverse dialogue. The Berkeley Patriot, the sponsors of Free Speech Week, and Berkeley College Republicans invited a parade of trolls to make headlines. The system doesn’t just allow them to plan these events. It’s bending backwards, bleeding resources to ensure they happen.
BCR has clung to a victim narrative, pointed out problems where there were none, saying the campus was not willing to support it, that they were restricting access to venues, that capacity was unfairly limited.
The reality is very different: BCR received an unprecedented level of support and free press from UC Berkeley. BCR is a privileged group of people, and those people abuse it. Chancellor Carol Christ said in an interview with The Daily Californian Editorial Board that she decided campus would pay the Zellerbach Hall rent for the Shapiro event specifically to avoid “reputational damage” and prove campus was open to conservative thought.
BCR only had to whine, and its event was funded. For other student groups, room reservations, and their costs, and PR are their responsibility. Right-wing student groups are receiving unprecedented exceptions, such as deadline extensions and subsidies.
Every day, we see a different deserving group of people asking for funding, for administrative support. More than a third of UC students have experienced food insecurity, Berkeley students struggle to pay for housing as rents climb, DACA recipients are in limbo, and Black students continually face a hostile campus climate. But instead of paying due attention to those students, the campus is forced to divert time, attention and valuable funds to allow the most awful people to come here and spout despicable ideology.
Berkeley Patriot, a small online publication complete with five published articles and run by only a handful of members, has no history of hosting large events. Its members are allowing Milo Yiannopoulos to use them as puppets and are revelling in the attention brought by scheduling a four-day event that is more clickbait than real plan. Numerous people were included in the list of speakers for Free Speech Week without their knowledge or permission, and they were surprised to hear it. Many have said they won’t be speaking. The student group even admits that Yiannopoulos is doing a large part of the planning.
Spokespeople for MILO, Inc. — rather than members of the Berkeley Patriot — have fielded questions in recent days about miscommunications regarding the scheduling of speakers. Yiannopoulos has mechanically been shooting off press releases and videos: He’s bankrolling the whole thing, doling out $250,000 for Free Speech Week as part of some perverse comeback tour.
The campus is obligated to uphold the right of a student group to invite controversial speakers, but instead, it is serving the malicious interests of trolls.
These trolls have distorted what was once a less-inflammatory conservative crowd on campus. BCR President Troy Worden told Berkeleyside that when he started out as a member of BCR, there wasn’t as much energy and activism. But after the election, there was a spike in participation, a “microcosm of what’s been happening at a national level.”
These right-wing student groups frame their newfound ability to generate headlines as a revitalization of their clubs. It’s true, BCR has undergone a shift: The “party has been hijacked by bigots,” as BCR member Ivan Varela puts it.
Conservative thinking is not unwelcome on this campus. But BCR and Berkeley Patriot seek to inflame, rather than engage. Their tactics inherently promote transphobic, Islamophobic and sexist rhetoric, and their event — if it even happens — will be a dark page of Berkeley’s history.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/09/19/uc-berkeley-considers-defunding-valuable-mentoring-program-mistake/
UC Berkeley is considering defunding valuable mentoring program. This is a mistake.
CAMPUS ISSUES: To stay afloat, Berkeley Connect would need an additional $1 million.
It’s easy to get lost on a campus as big as UC Berkeley, which is why programs like Berkeley Connect are so important. But now, the program, which provides academic mentoring from graduate students, is at risk of being cut because of the campus’s severe budget deficit. The campus should not burn this valuable program to balance the books.
The funding allocation dropped from $2 million to about $1.4 million just this year, and Berkeley Connect was forced to accommodate 200-300 fewer students as a result. For next year, campus allocations will shrink, and to stay afloat, the program would need an additional $1 million.
If the campus will foot the estimated $600,000 security bill for Ben Shapiro to spout unoriginal and unnuanced opinions in one of the biggest venues on campus, it should at least continue to fund, if not expand, Berkeley Connect.
For male-dominated STEM departments, the program can provide a supportive community for women and non-male-identifying individuals who are systematically isolated. It also offers much-needed support for transfer students — 40 percent of Berkeley Connect’s participants are transfers — who have to acclimate to the campus in two short years.
“Berkeley Connect is a way of giving students all the extra attention they might get at a liberal arts college, within a big university model,” said campus mathematics graduate student Kevin O’Neill, who is also a former Berkeley Connect mentor.
On one’s own, it is difficult to seek out these department-specific resources like how to secure undergraduate research positions or ask for letters of recommendation.
Weekly lectures from professors and exposure to career opportunities provides important guidance for students. For example, O’Neill taught his mentees how to write in formal MathSpeak, giving them a chance to learn a critical skill for a career in math that they wouldn’t formally learn in a class. In addition, students are able to talk to their mentors, who are fresh out of the process, about the field-specific application process for things like graduate school.
The program has proven itself to not only increase a student’s chance at a successful career in their field, but also improve a student’s academic record while still in school. According to Berkeley Connect’s 2016-17 progress report, transfer students in the program have a higher average GPA than transfer students not in the program.
UC Berkeley students have repeatedly expressed to the campus that they want more career services on campus; in the spring, they even approved an $18 per semester fee to expand the campus Career Center and the Public Service Center — a fee that will increase by $3 each year for the next five years.
Instead of paying for the publicity stunts of controversial talking heads, the campus should pay for programs like Berkeley Connect that matter.
And if campus won’t, somebody needs to. Donate to Berkeley Connect here.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/09/15/devos-got-wrong-title-ix/
DeVos has got it wrong on Title IX
NATIONAL ISSUES: DeVos is pushing discourse on sexual harassment backwards. The UC system and the Berkeley campus cannot be complacent.
U.S. Education Secretary Betsy DeVos announced last week her intent to roll back current Title IX policy, threatening years of work by students and campuses to fight rape culture. National discourse about sexual harassment is moving backwards, and the UC system and UC Berkeley campus cannot be complacent.
Student advocates, in the wake of botched handlings of sexual harassment cases and a dearth of fair and equitable practices on college campuses, fought an uphill battle to drive the creation of new policies and resources that better support survivors. But there is still much work to be done, and now that load has increased tenfold, because the federal government holds enormous clout in sexual violence narratives.
Instead of recognizing the need to continue to push a culture shift that better supports victims of sexual assault who are systematically neglected and discouraged from reporting their rapes, DeVos continues to equate new protections for survivors as attacks on due process for the accused.
DeVos said at George Mason University last week that “One assault is one too many, one aggressive act of harassment is one too many, one person denied due process is one too many.” This feeds into a false equivalency.
Historically, processes for the survivor and the accused have been entirely unequal, with survivors horribly disadvantaged. This discrepancy came roaring to the public light in Berkeley, where communities continue a slow healing process from a slew of high–profile sexual misconduct coverups: the system is clearly not where it needs to be.
Moreover, there is no epidemic of false accusations bereft of due process. The biggest problem isn’t that a mere 2 percent to 10 percent of accusations are false, but that so many more just go unreported every single day.
Meghan Warner, who was one of 31 UC Berkeley students who filed a Title IX complaint against the school in 2014, says DeVos’ “both sides” argument cherry-picks stories to support a false but long-prevailing sexist narrative. And UC Berkeley Title IX officer Denise Oldham points to the campus’s newer confidential services, which support both survivors and the accused equally.
UC policies are too new for DeVos to call Title IX a “failed system,” and her reliance on sparse anecdotal allegations is insufficient to do away with guidelines set out by the Obama administration’s 2011 “Dear Colleague” letter.
Obama’s letter set the stage for more institutionalized investigation procedures, resulting in clearer, highly documented reports. Title IX reports have formed the basis for the public’s best understanding of who on campus has been found to have violated UC sexual misconduct policy.
A few years ago, a combination of the 2011 “Dear Colleague” letter, complaints filed by students under Title IX and the Clery Act, and reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act forced the UC system to reevaluate and significantly improve policies. UC Berkeley’s Title IX office received a $2.5 million investment last year, and staff increased to nine full-time employees by 2016, up from one in 2011. Continuing to dedicate resources is important, especially as the campus begins to look at implementing new procedures for faculty and examines added prevention training.
Without the federal government urging UC to be better, it’ll have to do what it should have been doing the whole time: seek out and listen to survivors and sexual assault activists. For every step backward the federal government takes, UC Berkeley must take a thousand steps forward in its effort to strengthen protections for survivors.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/09/11/city-council-not-let-berkeley-police-use-pepper-spray-protests/
City Council should not let Berkeley police use pepper spray at protests
CITY AFFAIRS: Pepper spray as a tool can too easily turn into an unnecessary and excessive use of force by police.
This afternoon, Berkeley City Council needs to vote “no” on allowing the Berkeley Police Department to use pepper spray as a crowd-control tool.
City Council, at the request of police chief Andrew Greenwood, is considering lifting a 1997 ban on the use of this chemical irritant to control demonstrations and protests. But adding weapons to police’s artillery is not the answer, and it would likely only serve to escalate harm and injury.
Pepper spray became a popular “less lethal” tool in the 1990s. It is seen as an intermediary: an alternative to using batons or releasing tear gas to subdue violent protesters, which affects a larger area populated with more people.
UC Berkeley students and city residents are no strangers to fraught interactions with Berkeley police, whether during protests at city council meetings or spillover from protests on campus. At this moment, Berkeley is a battleground for extremist groups, particularly those who subscribe to and encourage white supremacist ideology. Pepper spray is an alternative that too easily can turn into an unnecessary and excessive use of force by police.
It became very clear in 2011 just how easily pepper spray as a tool can be abused, when Occupy Movement demonstrations spread across UC campuses. A UC Davis police officer became widely — and rightly — criticized when they pulled a cannister and pepper-sprayed a row of protesting students point-blank.
According to Berkeley mayor Jesse Arreguín and a report prepared by Greenwood, pepper spray is a law enforcement industry-standard tool that is used by virtually every major police agency in the United States.
Claiming “industry-standard” in a conversation about proper use of force and police conduct is, at best, an ironic joke. People in Berkeley have made it clear that the police force here needs to be better than the national standard.
Characterizing pepper spray as “intermediary” or “nonlethal” does not erase its potential for injury. A 2004 study cited in KQED states that pepper spray can induce respiratory, cardiac and neurologic problems.
And a stipulation that the police must file a report and ensure victims of pepper-spraying receive medical attention is not comforting. Use of equipment in an irresponsible manner is not uncommon in moments of high tension. If the police have more tools, they will use them.
As Berkeley, the city and the campus, works to address the onslaught of white supremacists and counterprotests, the first, obvious course of action is to call a town hall or forum to solicit feedback from the community.
Instead, the city chose to hastily plan a special meeting at a time when many members of the community are still at work: 3 p.m. on a Tuesday. There’s been plenty of time to prepare for Ben Shapiro’s campus event and Free Speech Week. There’s no excuse for emergency, last-minute decisions.
In the case that City Council votes to approve the use of pepper spray as a crowd-control tactic, here are some tips for managing exposure to pepper spray, straight from UCPD’s website:
Avoid panic.
Do not rub the face. This will aggravate the pain already being experienced.
The best immediate treatment is to expose the person to fresh air — in a breezy area, if possible. A fan can also be used.
Flush the affected area with cool water either from the tap or a garden hose.
Clean the affected area with non-oil or cold cream based soap. Do not use salves or greases on exposed area, because it will trap tear gas particles or OC resin onto the skin.
If eyes are exposed, flush copiously with cool, fresh water for 15 minutes.
If you wear contact lenses, remove them carefully once hands are thoroughly clean.
An ophthalmic examination should be performed by a physician if irritation or pain persists after 15 minutes of flushing with water.
Clothing that is contaminated with tear gas should be removed immediately and, if indoors, placed in a sealed plastic bag or container
Persons assisting the subject should wear rubber gloves to avoid residual contamination.
If any irritation or pain persists after decontamination procedures, a physician should examine the exposed area.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/09/07/urban-shield-berkeley-must-make-decision-needs-make-right-one/
On Urban Shield, Berkeley must make a decision, and it needs to make the right one
On April 4, Berkeley City Council punted a decision on whether or not to continue the Urban Shield program to the next meeting. At that meeting, it punted the issue again. Then again. Then again.
It took at least four meetings before City Council finally voted June 20 to continue the program while a task force explored its viability and necessity. But this vote, too, was just putting the issue off. Now, the task force has decided it’s still not ready to make recommendations.
The urgency of this matter is beyond dispute. Police faced backlash for excessive use of force at the December 2014 Black Lives Matter protests, and most recently, at the very June 20 meeting at which city council members voted to continue Urban Shield.
Berkeley needs to make a decision now, and it needs to make the right one.
Some argue that continued participation in the training helps to prepare for large-scale disasters or other emergency situations such as terrorist attacks. But Urban Shield, funded by U.S. Department of Homeland security grants, trains and arms police with military-style weapons and ideology. Vendors at Urban Shield expos have been known to sell products with racist and violent slogans. Unbridled federal grants to local law enforcement agencies have a history of unnecessarily bolstering law enforcement’s power, to the detriment of the community.
In the coming months, Berkeley is scheduled to face several potentially violent demonstrations. Institutions on campus and in the city need to think about and prioritize proper police response, particularly as the federal government opens the door to more militarized policing.
Consider 1033, the military surplus program that provided the University of Central Florida with a grenade launcher and the UC Berkeley police force with more than a dozen M16 rifles. The flow of weapons from 1033 was heavily restricted in 2015 under the Obama administration. But Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced last week that the Trump administration would soon fully restore the program.
In 2012, Elliott Currie, Berkeley resident and professor of criminology, law and society at UC Irvine, told The Daily Californian that these types of requisitions are “likely an opportunistic use of free resources.” But the city, at this point, should know better than to subscribe to a harmful program like 1033 or Urban Shield that militarizes the police and disproportionately affects people of color in Berkeley in exchange for cash.
And still, the city continues to put off the decision to end the program. The sooner Berkeley takes action to eliminate Urban Shield and looks toward alternative, community-based approaches to policing, the better. It’s September now. The task force can’t wait around, and City Council needs to vote.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/09/05/trump-threatened-undocumented-students-daca-uc-berkeley-must-fight-back/
Trump threatened thousands of undocumented students with decision to rescind DACA. UC Berkeley must fight back.
NATIONAL ISSUES: There shouldn’t be any question of an immigrant’s right to go to school here or to make a home here, but the political reality continues to undermine students’ legal statuses and lives.
President Donald Trump put Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, on the edge, and threatened thousands of undocumented students in the UC system.
Trump, who left DACA’s fate up in the air for months, announced his decision to rescind the program Tuesday, with a six-month grace period.
Students whose status in the United States is in legal limbo face a steep uphill struggle in this country everyday. DACA, a relatively recent immigration policy established in 2012, provides some relief from the looming threat of deportation. In the UC system alone, there are an estimated 3,700 undocumented students.
There shouldn’t be any question of an immigrant’s right to live here, to go to school here or to make a home here. But because the political reality continues to undermine students’ legal statuses and lives, the University of California and the Berkeley campus must step up and expand their support services.
The university cannot just take an empty moral stance. After the November election, UC officials voiced their commitment to protecting the undocumented community, announcing UC campus police would not aid federal immigration enforcement efforts or release confidential student records without court orders. Last year, UC President Janet Napolitano made a three-year commitment to devote $8.4 million annually for undocumented students’ support. Recent events show, however, this is not enough.
With increasing uncertainty about their futures, undocumented students carry an unimaginable burden. Since Trump’s election, that small respite for DACA beneficiaries has been at risk, reflected by the increase in students who must turn to campus legal services for help.
The UC Immigrant Legal Services Center’s caseload rose dramatically to more than 800 for the 2016-17 year, as compared with 362 the previous year, according to the Los Angeles Times. It is reassuring to see UC Berkeley’s own Undocumented Students Program has recently hired an additional staff member for its mental health support.
But in the coming months, the university must boost both these legal and mental health services. It goes beyond simply allocating resources to undocumented students whose DACA status is being threatened — the campus must work to create a culture of respect for its students that should extend to all undocumented people in the United States. This community has been very clear about what it needs. All the university needs to do is listen.
For every one of the 3,700 undocumented students enrolled in the UC system, there are potentially hundreds of undocumented middle-school and high-school students aspiring to attend one of its campuses. Not only does the program ensure a level of stability for some UC students, but it also helps support a pipeline of undocumented K-12 students to a university that is historically unfriendly to minority populations. To repeal DACA is to close doors for young people.
At this tipping point, it is crucial that the university ramp up efforts in greater proportion than the political rhetoric that seeks to erase this segment of our community.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/09/01/wheeler-hall-accessible-students/
Wheeler Hall should be accessible to all students
CAMPUS ISSUES: UC Berkeley has experience juggling numerous compliance laws, so why did it open Wheeler Hall without a working ADA-accessible elevator?
It doesn’t count as “opening” Wheeler Hall if it’s only accessible to some students.
Wheeler Hall was out of commission for more than a year, as the campus renovated infrastructure including electrical systems and elevators. But now that it’s finally open, the only elevator currently in service is not compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act, and a suitable elevator won’t be up and running until the end of September.
It is inevitable that some students with mobility disabilities will be affected — Wheeler Hall houses one of the largest lecture halls at UC Berkeley (and therefore some of the largest classes), as well as 10 percent of general assignment classrooms.
The campus has been supportive, offering assistance for students who need help reaching their classes in Wheeler Hall.
That is a step, but the problem at hand is systemic: People with disabilities often end up an afterthought. The campus should seek input from students or faculty with disabilities when making decisions like opening Wheeler Hall without an accessible elevator.
English professor Mitchell Breitwieser said over the summer that he thinks improvements to Wheeler Hall will make it more “comfortable and convenient.” It’s too bad it’s only convenient for some. Construction delays happen, but if there’s a segment of the population that is barred from accessing Wheeler Hall, don’t open it, especially without a plan.
The campus knows the drill. It has experience juggling numerous compliance laws. Throughout construction, the campus building official is expected to review projects such as Wheeler Hall’s renovation for ADA compliance. So it seems careless, then, that the sole elevator currently in service is not ADA compliant. And still, the handicapped stall in the girls bathroom does not have a working lock.
It’s ironic that Berkeley is the home of the disabilities rights movement, and yet in recent years has shirked basic services that provide support for community members with disabilities, such as career help. At this point, it is getting harder to believe that the campus is making an effort to ensure education is accessible to all UC Berkeley students. It will have to work hard to regain the trust of its students.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/09/01/sundays-rally-not-national-outlets-made/
Sunday’s rally was not what national outlets made it out to be
CITY AFFAIRS: Sensationalizing violence without context is reckless.
Happy families blowing bubbles, tossing cornhole and playing trumpets drowned out hateful white nationalist groups Sunday in Berkeley. Around the country, however, people read a reductive story about violence and carnage at the nation’s battleground for free speech.
National outlets and prominent public officials chose to respond to the rally by denouncing left-wing group Antifa and its violent tactics, including the Washington Post’s Editorial Board, which wrote that Antifa groups “only help the hateful forces they claim to oppose.”
The problem with devoting page space to the argument that Antifa is to blame for violence in Berkeley effectively — and falsely — equates them to the actions and ideas of white supremacists. It is irresponsible and hypocritical for The Post’s editorial board to use its platform this way.
The Post’s editorial board notes specifically that it “would not for a minute equate (the threat Antifa poses) to the menace of violent, ultra-right white-supremacist groups” and goes on to say President Donald Trump’s “equation of white supremacists in Charlottesville with those who rallied against them was false and repugnant.”
Whether one condones Antifa’s violent tactics is beside the point; it’s not the main issue. Antifa is only a reaction to the real threat: “Violent, ultra-right white-supremacist groups,” with their history of terror and continuing hostility.
Mother Jones reporter Shane Bauer wrote that sensationalizing violence without context is reckless, and many outlets failed to mention that violence at Sunday’s rally was less than during protests on April 15.
To find context, look to local papers. Reporters have been on the ground in Berkeley for months — some even years — and understand the dynamics better than a national outlet that swoops in every so often to film someone getting beat up by black bloc protesters. As people glean incorrect narratives from protest coverage, more right-wing reactionaries will turn to this city to use it as the backdrop of their bigoted fight, and Berkeley residents again will be left to pick up the pieces.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/08/29/uc-berkeleys-glacial-effort-rename-buildings-honor-racists-inexcusable/
UC Berkeley’s glacial effort to rename buildings that honor racists is inexcusable
CAMPUS ISSUES: The building naming task force recommended zero substantive action. More committees is not the answer.
When UC Berkeley announced in March 2016 that it would embark on a review of more than 150 building names after concerns about Barrows Hall arose, many were hopeful. But more than a year later, the committee tasked with reviewing building names instead simply recommended creating yet another committee.
This bureaucratic standstill is unacceptable. In 2015, Black Student Union member Blake Simons told The Daily Californian that Barrows Hall is a “daily reminder that Black students are not respected on campus.”
Barrows Hall is named after former UC Berkeley president David Barrows, whose white supremacist ideology informed his anthropological work on the Philippines and regions of Africa during the early 1900s. LeConte Hall is named for the first UC Berkeley president John LeConte and his brother Joseph, who manufactured munitions for the Confederate army. Boalt Hall is named after John Boalt, an attorney and judge whose racist beliefs helped drum up support for the Chinese Exclusion Act.
Students shouldn’t have to continue to sit in classrooms housed in buildings that honor men who oppressed their ancestors.
Instead of responding proportionately to the urgency demanded by the situation, the building naming task force concluded in April with a report that recommended zero substantive action. The report advises that the campus adopt guiding principles for future building naming.
Even considering that the task force faced some uncertainty in late spring because of several administrative shakeups — the committee chair, then-vice chancellor of equity and inclusion Na’ilah Nasir, and former chancellor Nicholas Dirks were both on their way out — the campus shouldn’t have let this fall through the cracks. Committee member and doctoral student Rachel Lim said some members of the task force themselves expressed frustration with the way it concluded.
After the race-based hatred and violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, and here in Berkeley, and as Confederate statues and monuments come down on college campuses and cities across the nation, it is more important than ever that the campus take swift action.
So why hasn’t Barrows been renamed yet? The task force specifically emphasizes that the names should align with campus values and outlines processes in place for renaming buildings.
The campus now says new Vice Chancellor of Equity and Inclusion Oscar Dubón and Chancellor Carol Christ are considering how and when to make the new committee that will decide on building names. Campus will also consider ways to clarify that its values have changed since the building was first named through an exhibit or mural in the lobby of Barrows. This is not enough. Forming committee after committee is a baffling way to address the immediate problem at hand.
Christ sent a message to the campus yesterday in light of the “rash of violent rallies that hate and bigotry have spawned across” the country, outlining plans to build more platforms for speech that “celebrates diversity, builds unity, and values all identities.”
But these claims are meaningless promises if UC Berkeley continues to prolong a conversation about the hatred built into the very walls of this campus.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/08/29/new-golden-bear-orientation-demands-much-volunteer-student-leaders/
New Golden Bear Orientation demands too much of volunteer student leaders
CAMPUS ISSUES: Weeklong orientation structure is more inclusive, but campus gives paltry compensation for 18 hour work days
A Golden Bear Orientation leader’s day started at 7 a.m. and ended 18 hours later, at 1 a.m. With only about half the leaders originally expected able to head the event, it was unfair of the campus to task students with this responsibility, especially without adequate compensation.
A transition to this weeklong orientation structure from the two-day mid-summer “CalSO” format was made to increase inclusivity and access for students who couldn’t afford to make the trip, and it was largely successful. But the campus set an unattainable goal of recruiting 1000 volunteers.
Considering the paltry compensation — priority class registration, some free meals and “leadership experience” — it was no surprise when only 526 student volunteers ultimately signed up.
Those who did sign up chose to commit their incredible school spirit and time to create an unforgettable week for incoming students. But the accomplishments of the program shouldn’t be determined only by students who can afford to take on a full week of unpaid labor.
And for the roughly 15 community and leadership assistants, or CLAs (who function as the bosses of resident assistants), becoming a GBO leader wasn’t a real choice. A change in their original contract required they participate in the program, even though most of them are seniors and won’t benefit from priority registration. The program schedule demanded too much of volunteers, let alone CLAs, who would have had to quit and lose their room and board to opt out of the program.
Next year’s orientation should do away with the early start time or the late night activities — or if they must be maintained, the campus should recruit and compensate enough leaders to establish reasonable shifts. The campus should also condense the daily hours and consider cutting the program to three or four days, rather than a full week. Both new students and volunteer staff would feel less exhausted. Being a student is exhausting enough.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/08/25/berkeleys-increased-powers-regulate-unauthorized-protests-overstep/
Berkeley’s increased powers to regulate unauthorized protests is an overstep
CITY AFFAIRS: New ordinance meant to close a demonstration management loophole is overly broad, not a long-term solution to upcoming season of alt-right presence.
Even an alt-right rally isn’t enough of a justification to suddenly increase government and police authority with little public oversight. But that’s what Berkeley City Council did when it granted the city more power to regulate unauthorized protests.
A new ordinance empowers the city manager to issue temporary regulations on unpermitted protests that spill into the sidewalk and streets. Previously, Berkeley could set protest rules on unpermitted rallies when they were held at city parks. It’s a loophole police say made managing bloody alt-right protests earlier this year particularly challenging.
These temporary regulations include, for example, bans on specified objects that could potentially be used as weapons, or creating strict entry points. But the ordinance does not stipulate whether these are the only rules that the city manager could call for, leaving the door open for unwanted restrictions.
Several city councilmembers said violence in Charlottesville had upped the ante, justifying the need to increase control. But attempting to patch this gap with an ordinance that is both vague and overly broad is ill-advised, and emergency measures often have the effect of granting too much unintended power.
In fact, in the next four months that this ordinance remains in effect, it could give the city the capacity to be even more inhospitable toward marginalized communities. Police authority disproportionately affects people of color, and Berkeley police are no exception. A report released last month by the city found that Black people are six times more likely to be subjected to use of force by a police officer than white people.
Many unauthorized assemblies, like the 2014 Black Lives Matter protests or the marches after President Donald Trump’s election, spark important discussions about large-scale oppressions that marginalized communities face all over this country. Clearly, not all unauthorized assemblies merit equal amounts of police oversight and intervention. While a protest of white supremacists is not a worthy cause, this doesn’t mean all unauthorized protests are similarly vile.
The city manager can wield new powers for events proposed to draw 100 people or more. These powers could theoretically be used to issue regulations on events as harmless as Berkeley Critical Mass, a group bike ride that happens on the second Friday of every month, said Cheryl Davila, the lone city councilmember present at the meeting who voted against the ordinance.
This broad overstep was approved in a hasty manner and with overwhelming opposition from public commenters present at the emergency meeting.
Ultimately, emboldening the police, which already has a bad track record with marginalized groups, is not a long-term solution to the upcoming season of controversial speakers and their extremist followers.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/08/22/comes-budget-no-stupid-questions/
When it comes to the budget, there are no ‘stupid’ questions
CAMPUS ISSUES: UC Berkeley's transparency regarding the budget is laudable, but the plan to close the deficit is still plagued by seeming indecision.
After the campus announced its $150 million annual structural deficit, then-chancellor Nicholas Dirks came under fire because of his administration’s bumbling, heavy-handed, extremely centralized approach to closing the gap.
Fast forward to today: Dirks has been replaced with a new chancellor, praised for her transparency, but the campus is still not suitably clear in its plan to reduce the deficit.
To the campus’s credit, Chief Financial Officer Rosemarie Rae fielded questions from Daily Cal reporters on budget plans. The release of the extensive information about the budget was unprecedented for the campus in terms of level of transparency, campus spokesperson Dan Mogulof said. But even then, the seeming indecision, lack of a timeline and even the uncertainty that any given proposal will even be executed is a glaring problem.
The target financial goals on a division level for specific units such as the College of Engineering or the Graduate School of Journalism are unambiguous. The methods by which many of the departments plan to meet said goals, however, are opaque. This is particularly true for new revenue-generating programs and larger projects such as demolishing Edwards Stadium to build housing.
A proposal such as demolishing Edwards Stadium must go through a long process: the first step of which is a firm go-head by the chancellor, according to campus spokesperson Dan Mogulof. “In other words, we are not going to be putting a shovel in the ground at Edwards Stadium at the end of this fiscal year,” Mogulof said.
Cal Athletics’ uncertain future is rife with similar indecision. Numerous task forces on Cal Athletics have failed to unveil concrete recommendations. A task force was supposed to release recommendations regarding how to reshape athletic programs in January, but it decided to extend that deadline. When the recommendations ultimately released in June, they did not mention cutting any sports programs — the task force was unable to come to a consensus. Yet the 2017-18 budget outlines tentative plans to get rid of some teams. How much longer should we expect this kind of back-and-forth on the fate of Cal Athletics? The budget crisis demands an immediate solution.
When asked about another potential change to athletics policy in response to the budget deficit — selling alcohol at Cal games — Christ said the question was “stupid.” Questions about plans to close the deficit and increase revenue are never stupid, especially when Christ has made deficit reduction the central focus of her tenure.

Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/08/22/white-supremacists-flood-berkeley/
When white supremacists flood the city, Berkeley should not back down
CITY AFFAIRS: Ahead of alt-right rally, Christ fails to acknowledge the way white supremacists co-opt "free speech," and the city unfairly advises people to "stay away."
Torch-bearing white supremacists marched on Charlottesville, and in anticipation, University of Virginia’s president advised the campus community to hole up and avoid the neo-Nazis at the risk of escalating violence. That didn’t work out.
Now, the city of Berkeley, too, says “stay away” from the alt-right rally scheduled for Aug. 27. But Berkeley should not tell community members to back down, not when the people flooding the city in hordes threaten the very existence of many people here.
Berkeley — the city and campus — is a magnet for white supremacists who exploit its history and clickbait name for their hateful fight. Community members didn’t want to watch Martin Luther King Jr. Way turn into a war zone on March 4,  April 15 or April 27, and they shouldn’t have to this weekend, either.
But recent events show how a bloodbath can be avoided, and it’s not by staying away. In Boston, one week after Charlottesville, tens of thousands of counterprotesters drowned out the planned alt-right rally (dubbed a “free speech” protest, which nobody’s buying). And by 1 p.m., rally attendees had slunk away before they even made the speeches they had planned, and the Washington Post reported that no one was injured.
While this type of showing might be what UC Berkeley Chancellor Carol Christ was talking about when she urged new students to counter hate speech with “more speech” at convocation, she did herself and the campus no favors by dubbing this a “free speech year.” Speakers with alt-right followers like Milo Yiannopoulos often use “free speech” as their call to arms. In fact, Yiannopoulos plans to return to Berkeley in late September and camp out on Sproul Plaza for four days, an event he is calling “Free Speech Week.”
Just three days after the racially motivated violence in Charlottesville, Christ said inner resilience is “the surest form of safe space.” Inner resilience? What about the continuing physical threat behind white supremacist ideology, clearly evidenced by the events at Charlottesville?
This is possibly the worst thing a college president could say in the current context. Safe spaces do not impede the full realization of free discourse. Safe spaces exist to acknowledge a history of systemic oppression.
As Berkeley prepares itself for this weekend’s rally, it is all the more important that the chancellor acknowledge the way hate groups use “free speech” as a euphemism for harmful ideology and action, and that the city of Berkeley provide support for those who don’t have the privilege of turning a blind eye.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.
Clarification(s):Some readers of a previous version of this editorial might have understood it to imply that Milo Yiannopoulos is a white supremacist. The Editors did not intend to convey this implication and have removed the reference.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/08/14/uc-berkeley-budget-problems-stem-state-pressure/
UC Berkeley budget problems stem from state pressure
Campus issues: Revenue generation in Christ’s budget relies too heavily on benevolence and charity
Carol Christ has a clear philanthropy vision.
In the Christ Administration’s budget for 2017–18, Christ and her team envision a campus in which donations are a primary source of revenue.
Indeed, revenue generation was bandied about during the lead-up to the new budget. The plan reveals that revenue makes up 52 percent of the gap between a $110 million budget deficit and Christ’s goal of a $57 million deficit at the end of the fiscal year.
Some of this revenue will come from the development of campus programs: “new or expanded academic programming in University Extension, Summer Sessions, Concurrent Enrollment, Self Supporting Graduate Professional Degree Programs and via Professional Degree Supplemental Tuition,” according to the Office of the Vice Chancellor Chief Financial Officer.
Many of these proposed programs are incredibly optimistic and lack solid definition. And even if these programs come to fruition, a great deal of this revenue generation has been written into the budget with the expectation of additional private gifts. Philanthropy is unreliable. The last few years have each been the best year yet in terms of alumni donations, but that can’t possibly be sustained forever.
Moreover, whether these new gifts come from alumni or from random beneficiaries, the hope is that individual divisions will raise substantial funds themselves. The College of Natural Resources even wrote that their 2 percent budget cut — the largest proportional cut among academic departments — will lead to a “negative impact on staff morale (and) high levels of faculty frustration and complaints.”
Some campus units can’t become more self-sustainable. Many less marketable departments within the College of Letters and Science will now also be responsible for generating this donation revenue, placing them into difficult positions. Cuts should not fall to departments that cannot generate revenue to meet their deficit reduction goals.
Christ and her team are trying to make something out of nothing, and while the budget has a lot of problems, the new administration was put into an impossible position.
It’s not the administration’s fault that they’ve had to craft a budget that looks like this. People often say that UC Berkeley’s educational model is unsustainable, but the only reason for this growing unsustainability is the ever-shrinking allocation of resources from the state.
The truth is that no matter how much California would like to believe it, public universities should not be run like private institutions. Many of the stuffier Ivies sit atop vast stores of wealth and live lavishly off alumni philanthropy, but public schools shouldn’t work like that. Increased philanthropy may be a short-term solution, but until UC Berkeley can once again rely on the state for the majority of its funding, its public mission and identity will increasingly be under threat.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/08/07/ban-box-must-backed-policy-support/
Ban the box must be backed up with further policy support
UNIVERSITY ISSUES: the needs of formerly incarcerated job applicants to the UC system demand more from UC administrators
“There is no glory in punishing.”
When Michel Foucault first published those words in 1975, he invariably took a stand against the prison industrial complex. The prison system is a trap, and remains a trap for those unlucky enough to be incarcerated long after they leave prison walls behind. In establishing the ban-the-box policy UC-wide, the UC system has taken an admirable stand against this trap.
Criminal records place a burdensome social debt on individuals who have completed their allotted time, making it incredibly difficult to find work. Led by the Underground Scholars Initiative, the ban-the-box movement has been an ongoing push to remove the job application check box that asks if applicants have a criminal record.
As with so many other progressive policies, UC Berkeley became the first UC campus to institute the policy, and now thanks to USI efforts, ban-the-box will take effect UC-wide as early as October.
In spite of growing evidence that suggests little to no difference in job performance between people with prior convictions versus people without, formerly incarcerated job applicants are often passed over.
In that regard, banning the box is a no-brainer. Of course, with job applicants still subject to background checks, the problem hasn’t completely been solved.
Unfortunately, this policy has an insidious underbelly. Banning the box can often lead to decreases in hiring of demographic groups that employers assume would be more likely to have a criminal record.
A recent paper from the National Bureau of Economic Research by Jennifer L. Doleac shows that ban-the-box policies decreased the probability of being employed by 5.1 percent for young, low-skilled Black men, and 2.9 percent for young, low-skilled Latinx men. The consequences of ban the box can often manifest in stark and grotesque hiring discrimination.
Hiring discrimination against formerly incarcerated folks undermines the potential of an incredible array of diverse applicants, all of whom only want to work. If the UC wants to take this step, it has to see it through and make sure not to use criminal background checks on its potential employees. Instead, hiring should be done on the merits of the applicant.
Further, in light of the academic work uncovering the complex nature of hiring discrimination under ban-the-box policies, the university needs to create systems of internal review to keep discrimination out of the hiring system. UC administration must also be transparent in its hiring data and frequently release information to that end.
Above all, formerly incarcerated folks on campus actively made ban the box happen from the bottom up. The formerly incarcerated community understands the intricacies and snares of the prison system. It’s on the UC to follow their lead.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/07/31/407668/
Newest appointees round out Christ cabinet
CAMPUS ISSUES: 5 Most recent appointees to Campus administration seem qualified and ready
No woman is an island.
A lot of attention has been focused on Carol Christ, but it’s her new cabinet that will make or break her tenure.
Christ’s appointees are all well qualified. It’s nice that a lot of them come from UC Berkeley. That some of them have already worked closely with Christ speaks volumes to the team’s larger potential.
All in all, not too shabby. Here’s the breakdown of the five newest appointees.
Executive Vice Chancellor and Provost: Paul Alivisatos
Some seemed to expect Paul Alivisatos would become chancellor. Instead, Christ named him provost.
Alivisatos very well could win a Nobel Prize in the future, and outside of his chops as a scientist, he’s been steeled in administration. Alivisatos ran the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory from 2009 to 2016.
He’s a good choice in many eyes because he’s very much a part of UC Berkeley’s research mission, having served as the vice chancellor of research before this appointment.
He’s also been highly outspoken about diversity and inclusion within the scientific community, which is a relief to see in STEM fields. Though of course, even as a pro-diversity candidate, Alivisatos isn’t exactly a diverse pick.
Still, in relation to the likes of Claude Steele and Nicholas Dirks, two out-of-towners without much stake in UC Berkeley, Alivisatos and Christ mark a stark contrast, as both have logged considerable time on the campus.
In summary: He’s Wonder Bread, and he has the potential to complement Christ greatly.
Vice Chancellor for Equity and Inclusion: Oscar Dubón, Jr.
A professional history with diversity in science was clearly a priority in this new pick. That was Oscar Dubón, Jr’s schtick as associate dean of equity and inclusion in the College of Engineering. As the upcoming vice chancellor of equity and inclusion, a focus on STEM diversity could be Dubón, Jr.’s central pivot.
Last month, Dubón, Jr. said in an email to The Daily Californian that he intends to study the work that already took place under former vice chancellor of equity and inclusion Na’ilah Nasir’s leadership. During her tenure, Nasir already established the STEM Diversity Initiative. Dubón, Jr. can only hope to accomplish the sort of strides that Nasir did in her time here.
Still he’s done a great deal. Dubón, Jr. established the Center for Access to Engineering Excellence and, like Alivisatos, has experience dealing with diversity in STEM. Hopefully he can translate that experience into his new position.
Vice Chancellor Chief Financial Officer: Rosemarie Rae
Rosemarie Rae took on a position that she basically already had.
Rae came on in 2014 as associate vice chancellor and CFO. In spring 2016, campus announced that it had a structural deficit amounting to about $150 million. Rae entered the administration and found a mess. It took her and her team roughly two years to sort through the deficit before the campus could get a handle on the extent of the disastrous finances.
Now, with a recent reshuffling of administrative financial duties, Rae has taken over as the new vice chancellor chief financial officer.
Balancing the budget is a central piece of Christ’s plan. Rae has an enormous amount of power in conveying financial information in the pursuit of that budget.
She already worked closely with Christ when Christ was interim EVCP. They have made clear that they’re committed to balancing the budget through revenue generation and not simply cuts. That said, budget cuts are still on the table, and last year they required all campus units to make cuts to their operating budgets, focusing on personnel.
It’s encouraging that she works so closely with Christ, and the strict financial shepherding she’s been doing, particularly in the face of long-standing state divestment, is important. Hopefully she’s careful with those cuts all the same.
Vice Chancellor Chief of Staff: Khira Griscavage
Khira Griscavage is incredibly qualified for her appointment as Christ’s chief of staff, having served in positions in the public sector, in finance and in everything in between. She’s clearly not in it for the big bucks at present, if she’s working here now.
She will continue to fulfill responsibilities she had under Dirks, as chief ethics, risk and compliance officer and as locally designated official. She’s newly chief of staff, and it’s unclear whether she’s going to be phased out or replaced in any of her other various positions.
Regardless, with a background heavy in finance and an apparent ability to juggle so many balls in the air, she seems well equipped to be chief of staff.
Vice Chancellor for Communications and Public Affairs: Diana Harvey
Diana Harvey was appointed Associate Vice Chancellor for Communications and Public Affairs and will begin serving August 1.
Harvey is fresh out of a long stint at Duke University, where her continued commitment to global public health and her excellent work earned her respect. Her prior experience at the University of Minnesota provided her with a similar kind of experience one might need to run a campus like UC Berkeley.
At a campus that often becomes the center of national news, stories — particularly regarding free speech — often get reported in sensationalist ways. Harvey faces a tall order in ensuring that campus communications teams attempt to quell the spread of misinformation while becoming increasingly transparent.
It will be interesting to see how she handles PR for the budget cuts. Will she facilitate the kind of administrative transparency that Christ is promising?
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/07/24/trans-students-deserve-trans-friendly-university/
Trans students deserve trans-friendly university
The Tang Center and SHIP are finally making moves to be more trans-friendly, and AHCA is stalling in the senate. For anybody that cares about our healthcare system, things are looking up.
Beginning August 1, SHIP will begin covering a handful of gender confirming treatments and surgeries for UC Berkeley students. Laser hair removal and fertility preservation will be added to the growing list of treatments, which already includes male-to-female top surgery, tracheal shaves and electrolysis.
UC Berkeley continues to lead in inclusive healthcare coverage, particularly for those students whom the healthcare system has routinely and historically marginalized.
Still, a great deal more of gender confirmation services can and must be added to SHIP’s offerings, and affordability must become more of a priority to ensure trans students have access to necessary treatment.
The reason for this school’s progressive healthcare system is, of course, linked to student support. It is often forgotten how ungainly and elephantine large structures such as UC Berkeley’s healthcare system can be when attempting to enact policy changes. SHIP, recognizing this difficulty, turns to the ASUC and the Student Health Insurance Advisory Committee and its transgender care team to provide feedback on its health insurance policies and offerings. Listening to students has its benefits.
In crafting policies that extend beyond the healthcare system, looking to students for guidance must become more regular in the campus at large. Trans students are vocal about the need for trans-inclusivity training. Senator-elect Juniperangelica Cordova, in praising the inclusion of new services, has also been vocal about the need for proper training of physicians in being trans-friendly during doctor-patient visits.
Tang Center physicians and staff must indeed be trained to be more trans-inclusive when providing any and all healthcare services for trans students. But it goes beyond that. Administrators, faculty and staff across UC Berkeley’s campus must be more properly trained in trans-inclusionary behavior when interacting with students — not just in the medical field.
Certainly, students should not have to be the ones to bring up their pronouns to professors and graduate student instructors. The power dynamics involved in such conversations, between students and their academic superiors, between trans and cis people, are far too tenuous for the burden to be placed on students. More educators must be taught in a formal way to ask students for their pronouns and to respect their students pronouns from the jump. Pronoun inclusivity training must be emphasized more.
Of course, all of the institutions of higher education in the United States are behind on this issue. In that contest, UC Berkeley could be praised for being considerably less behind. Still, that margin is not that vast, and we can do better.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/07/17/go-ford-bike-sharing/
Ford goBike program represents worrying tendencies
CITY ISSUES: Bike infrastructure betrays problematic policy choices even as improvements are made
Someone in the East Bay really wants us to ride our bikes.
The Bay Area rails to trails program is now roughly 70 percent complete, with about 350 miles wrapping around the Bay Area and new sections being added rapidly. Since the passage of T1, an infrastructure bond measure, road improvements and bike lanes are becoming a priority in the city of Berkeley.
But no move on bike infrastructure has been quite so grand as the unveiling of the new Ford goBike bike sharing program. When not everybody can afford to buy a bike, bike share access marks an attempt at leveling the playing field. They even have a low-income plan and a student discount. Still, the cost of this program may be higher than Berkeleyans realize.
The Ford goBike program, for example, takes something as exciting as bike share and slaps this big corporate name on the side. And while private partnerships such as this one bring in much-needed funding streams and speed, they also mark a recession of public power.
Keeping big corporations out of the city of Berkeley used to be a higher priority. Bay Area Bike Share surely could’ve chosen a more local bike supply.
That isn’t, of course, to denounce the financial savings or ignore that private partnerships leave more room in local budgets to address other badly-needed projects. A Ford partnership was just one of the the cheapest options.
But that doesn’t make the partnership any less lamentable. Let’s not forget Ford’s record of using prison labor or the company’s general trend of environmental neglect.
Again, one would think it incredibly satisfying to see the East Bay make strides toward inclusivity in its transportation infrastructure for low-income communities. Surely bike sharing is a way in which the East Bay can make its support of those communities clear.
But the city governments of the East Bay have flubbed that part of the plan. In Downtown Berkeley, the student-dense spots seem to have been the primary target for station placement. In largely ignoring east Oakland in the careful placing of bike sharing stations, Ford goBike isn’t starting out on the right foot for inclusivity. Bikes shouldn’t be reserved for just the wealthy.
The Ford goBike program and East Bay city governments can’t expect to continue neglecting low-income parts of the city without consequence. Inclusivity should be the top priority. Moreover, the addition of bikes for disabled individuals could have shown residents that our local bike share is at least partially inclusive.
The Ford goBike program has the potential to be a great one, in spite of its faults. Hopefully the program expands and serves marginalized communities better in the future.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/07/10/new-subcommittee-urban-shield-side-program/
New subcommittee on Urban Shield should side against the program
CITY ISSUES: Berkeley City Council’s refusal to side with resident protest has ultimately failed citizens
Four days before Berkeley City Council voted to continue the Urban Shield police training program, the police officer who killed Philando Castile was acquitted by a jury of his peers.
Only a week later, BPD faced new allegations of racial profiling from UC Berkeley student Ismael Chamu.
In Berkeley and beyond, policing systems are invariably broken.
City Council decided to continue using Urban Shield training despite the serious and convincing allegations of militarization and racial profiling that have stemmed from the program. Berkeley, even with its progressive reputation, does not buck national trends.
The vote slated Urban Shield to continue on as a program into the fall and created a new subcommittee that will determine how to proceed with the program. That subcommittee, which will invariably look into the many allegations of racial targeting and racialized police violence levied against Urban Shield and BPD, will now have a new tool at its disposal — on June 27, City Council voted to release BPD’s racial profiling data.
But despite the decision to release the racial profiling data, many progressives on City Council committed political betrayal by voting to continue Urban Shield. Jesse Arreguín, the people’s mayor, took a page from his predecessor’s book, putting off the vote repeatedly and sitting through hours of angry public comment before ultimately voting against the commenters’ collective will.
Even in one of the most progressive cities in the United States, with many residents highly vocal against police brutality, it’s all politics as usual.
What will another subcommittee tell the community members that they don’t already know? This subcommittee had better comb through the racial profiling data before they decide that a program with a reputation of militarization is continued even further.
Obviously, Berkeley residents don’t quite know what the racial profiling data says — they haven’t seen it yet. But BPD’s refusal to release it early gives the impression that the data hides something nefarious. BPD’s excuses — that the racial profiling data was incomplete or required further analysis — felt tenuous at best. Either way, that data should have been released and explored before Urban Shield was reinstated.
Ismael Chamu’s story is probably not unique in the city of Berkeley. To the new subcommittee in charge of reviewing Urban Shield: take careful note not only of the newly released racial profiling data as it emerges, but also of stories like that of Chamu, a student like any other. He is whom BPD and City Council must ultimately answer to, and the alleged injustice done to him is on all of our hands.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/07/03/open-letter-carol-christ/
An open letter to Carol Christ
Campus Issues: Carol Christ has a great deal of work to do to prove herself to the campus community
Dear Chancellor Christ,
It’s our pleasure to welcome you to the position of chancellor.
We’ll admit, you have a pretty good record. From your early days as UC Berkeley executive vice chancellor and provost to your time at the helm of Smith College, everywhere you’ve been, people seem to like you.
Smith especially seems to collectively adore you, if glowing faculty and newspaper reviews are any indication. You check off a lot of the right boxes. You have a lot of experience, and you surely already have a better reputation than former chancellor Dirks did with faculty.
We clearly already have high expectations for you. We’re open to the possibility that you’ll be good at your job.
But, unfortunately, we’ve been duped before.
We were hopeful when Janet Napolitano was tapped for UC president. Now she’s fumbling through allegations from the most recent state audit while keeping students at arm’s length.
We were hopeful when Dirks was tapped for chancellor, and we made a request for him to be more accessible. Then he put a fence up around his mansion and flubbed on serious sexual misconduct allegations. Time and again, our leaders have disappointed.
Don’t do us dirty, Christ. We understand that you have a very good reputation. But we’re not going to have the wool pulled over our eyes again. When it comes to your chops, we’ll believe it when we see it.
You’ve dealt with big financial dilemmas before, at Smith and at this very campus. Yet Smith and UC Berkeley are highly different animals.
Your deficit reduction plans scare us. Sure, our absurd deficit demands reform, but we won’t abide by cuts that place undue burden on students, staff or faculty.
And frankly, we’re a bit worried about your commitment to our values. We saw your missteps and dismissiveness of the 1999 ethnic studies protests. All that in the name of budget cuts.
We also hear that you might build student housing on top of People’s Park. But you must realize how much this community cares about that sacred place. With the homeless community inhabiting the public park as it does today, building on People’s Park is effectively displacing displaced people.
All in all, we’re wary. While state divestment and budget cuts continue to imperil our educations and our culture, you can’t forget to listen to the people here like too many of your predecessors did before you. Regard our values with dignity. We’re excited about your promises and your newfangled ideas, but never forget that you work for the students.
Sincerely,
The Daily Californian Editorial Board
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/06/26/gay-pride-san-francisco-no-longer-fun/
Gay pride in San Francisco no longer any fun
NATIONAL ISSUES: SF Pride has grown stagnant in its approach to supporting marginalized communities within the LGBT community
The first pride parades on the West Coast began as “Gay-in” protests in the 1970s. Today, SF Pride is just a common market with a whole lot of police officers milling around in the Castro.
The city of Philadelphia released a new pride flag with 8 stripes this pride season — six of the stripes for the traditional rainbow, plus one brown stripe and one black one. All this to support Black and brown people in the gay community that have felt distrust for the largely racist gay community. The entire point of incorporating black and brown stripes in the new flag was to uplift marginalized voices.
And yet, the SF Pride organizers chose not to use the new flag.
San Francisco Pride, in the wake of love winning, has a big number of corporate sponsors this year, including Wells Fargo, Bank of America, Safeway and other companies with inflated senses of their contribution to the LGBT community.
Like a gay Disneyland for straight people, the entire Civic Center Plaza this past weekend held a tightly contained bunch of stalls and two stages. Stalls offered such luxury goods as food, Pride gear and sunglasses.
For a movement long-beset with tumult, the gay liberation movement holds a great deal of stagnation in the water. The one-year anniversary of the Pulse shooting came and went. Where was the mourning in the thick of the SF Pride celebration?
The traditional rainbow flag has become monolithic. The symbols for queer mobilization have always been ever-changing, and a great many flags have come and gone to symbolize gay struggle. But the people in power among the corporate power players at Pride get nothing out of changing things.
Gay people need to have queer liberation, not rainbow capitalism.
Ultimately, SF Pride has revealed that the gay community is missing out on change, on growth for the community. The new flag was not incorporated into the celebration, nor were any sincere discussions on the nature of the queer community post-Pulse brought out into the open by mainstream Pride facilitators.
Instead, the decision-making power gets taken away from the people that deserve Pride. Then, less of the community feels inclined to take part. And the bleeding out of Pride becomes cyclical.
It’s simply too easy for Pride to become complacent in its corporatization. It’s so easy now that the community has reached all these milestones — “RuPaul’s Drag Race” won an Emmy and Laverne Cox was on the cover of Time magazine, after all.
And more than anything, Gay Pride just isn’t any fun for gay people anymore. With all these straight corporations sapping the fun from Pride, gay people seem to have forgotten how to have a good time.
Editor’s note: In this editorial, we employed a loose definition of the term “gay,” synonymous to “queer” and similar to that used in “Gay Pride.” Any erasure of the larger LGBTQ+  community was unintentional, and feedback to this point has clarified a need for more nuanced internal conversations about appropriate and respectful language. The Daily Cal is working to be more inclusive towards the LGBTQ+ community.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/06/19/small-business-closures-represent-citywide-tragedies/
Small business closures represent citywide tragedies
CITY ISSUES: Consumer consciousness could just be the only way to preserve Berkeley’s unique small businesses
For Berkeley small business owners, you never know when you’re going to get the axe.
After years of providing the East Bay with an expert selection of science fiction books, Dark Carnival is the latest Berkeley small business set to close for good. “I’m pretty much just heartbroken,” store owner Jack Rems bemoaned in an interview with The Daily Californian. “This is what I did with my whole life and it’ll be forgotten pretty soon.”
Blondie’s, Remy’s, Flacos, even the historical landmark Caffe Mediterraneum and now Dark Carnival have each gotten the axe in the face of growing competition, among other pressures. The story is almost always the same, yet just as devastating time and time again. Every small business that closes in our city has a community member behind it, pouring everything they have into making their business thrive.
The only hope one can have lies in conscious buying choices on the part of the community. Students must decide to buy from local stores instead of on Amazon. Community members must be conscious of our collective buying power.
It’s tragic that we lose access to local expertise whenever a business in Berkeley goes under. We all lose out on rich culture and on unique city experiences when experts in these niche businesses in our local community go out of business.
Niche local culture is a dying breed, especially in Berkeley, a city with so much to lose. While the internet has helped to create opportunities for small-fry artists and businesses to put themselves out on the market, local culture is falling by the wayside.
Meanwhile, with the unveiling of a new Amazon publishing house and its recent takeover of Whole Foods for $13.7 billion, Amazon has been quietly and rapidly growing. How could any local business hope to compete?
Some of the onus should be on city officials and business owners. Even more should sit on the shoulders of the federal government to ensure that big corporations can’t use underpaid labor irresponsibly to undercut competitors. Small businesses have little recourse against huge companies with hidden labor practices and piss-poor wages.
Asking students to support local businesses may seem unfair. The Bay Area is outrageously expensive and demanding. Housing is so overpriced, not to mention textbooks and groceries and every other little living expense!
But while online buying may take far less effort, many students certainly have the means to take part in maintaining the community.
If students and residents care about maintaining the rich culture of this city, every purchase counts.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.
Correction(s):A previous version of this article named the incorrect writer.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/06/12/national-rightwing-instigators-leave-berkeley-alone/
National right-wing instigators should leave Berkeley alone
CAMPUS ISSUES: Frivolous lawsuit wastes everybody’s time
It’s June in Berkeley. The weather is amazing and all we want to do is lay around outside and get a tan.
But instead, our news cycle is filled with yet another far-right agitator trying to ruin the summer sun.
Kiara Robles, a Trump supporter and an Oakland resident, filed a lawsuit last Monday against a whole slew of officials and institutions — the UC Board of Regents, Nicholas Dirks, Berkeley Mayor Jesse Arreguín, UCPD, BPD, Monica Lozano, By Any Means Necessary, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and even billionaire investor George Soros, among others.
George Soros? He doesn’t even go here.
The sheer scope of this group of defendants is laughable. She’s represented by an attorney from right-wing watchdog group Freedom Watch. They’re attention seekers; they peddle petty conspiracy theories.
She’s alleging that campus and university officials violated federal law and campus policies during the handling of the Feb. 1 Milo Yiannopoulos campus protest, where Robles was attacked with pepper spray and bear mace by masked assailants.
Black Lives Matters protesters are tear gassed and beaten up plenty and they don’t get a penny. In fact, people often even tell them it’s their own fault for protesting.
Robles and her lawyers want to make Berkeley a spectacle of liberal hypocrisy, but the suit is just wasting what little energy students and faculty have after another insurmountable school year. The UC is already broke as it is, and these litigation fees are probably a bit taxing on students’ rights to their educations. Robles isn’t even a UC student, what gall does she have to tell us what to do on our campus?
Robles and her lawyer, Larry Klayman, claim she was discriminated against because of her sexual orientation. They seem to be trying to make fun of liberals, using a politicization of Robles’ identity and playing liberals at their own game, so to speak. But plenty of marginalized groups face actual systemic discrimination and prejudice (happy Pride month, by the way, to those still marginalized within the queer community by people such as Yiannopoulos and Robles).
The video of Robles being pepper-sprayed speaks volumes to her character and to the nature of this entire situation. Tensely, with her Make Bitcoin Great Again hat perched atop her head, she spews generic right-wing nonsense at the interviewer until she’s pepper-sprayed.
Students are honestly exhausted from all these national conservative organizations coming in and trying to turn our home and our lives into some inaccurate national spectacle. We’re not even doing anything newsworthy anymore. Just let us be. Sheesh!
And while we’re at it, move out of Oakland, too, Ms. Robles. Trump supporters definitely don’t fit in in this historically progressive city.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.
Correction(s):A previous version of this article incorrectly stated that Kiara Robles’ hat said “Make America Bitcoin Again.” In fact, the hat says “Make Bitcoin Great Again.”



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/06/05/regional-east-bay-collaboration-support-homeless-communities/
Regional East Bay collaboration necessary for supporting homeless communities
CITY ISSUES: Without the support of multiple municipalities in the region, Berkeley’s recent strides can do little for homeless folks
The city of Albany’s homeless services website phone number goes straight to the city of Berkeley’s shelter bed hotline.
But what is Albany doing to support its homeless population? Berkeley’s recent support on behalf of its homeless community has been quite impressive, but without regional collaboration and support from other cities, very little can be accomplished.
In the face of the demands and burdens of the growing homeless community in Berkeley, the city seems to finally be stepping up to bat for its homeless communities. City Measure U1 passed by a landslide. The Step Up Housing program passed unanimously, and this first step in Mayor Arreguín’s visionary pathways project charts a strong course.
Berkeley should celebrate this momentum, while remembering it’s taken decades to get here.
The approach to homeless communities elsewhere in the East Bay seems far less friendly. Just down the street, in the so-called “war zone” between Oakland’s homeless community and the rest of the population, city officials have been bulldozing homeless enclaves by force in an effort to clear up “the problem.”
In spite of some flimsy support efforts, Oakland city officials have largely been ignoring and sweeping away the city’s homeless population. It’s nauseating to see Oakland bulldozing homeless encampments instead of passing real reform.
As tech has gentrified the Bay Area, many were getting displaced from San Francisco and began relocating to Oakland. Nowadays, Oaklanders are getting displaced as well.
Many of Berkeley’s current political leaders have said they wanted to work on homelessness as a regional issue, and that Berkeley can’t serve the entire East Bay homeless population on its own. Berkeley and Oakland officials must work together, along with other East Bay municipalities.
Telegraph Avenue runs straight from Berkeley through Oakland. We’re so connected and similar. Berkeley shouldn’t be the only East Bay municipality providing innovative solutions.
Part of the problem, of course, stems from the fact that a lot of financial support for homeless services come from the federal government, and now that Ben Carson is in charge of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, considerable funding has been leeched.
Still, Berkeley can’t be expected to shoulder the weight of providing resources for the entire East Bay.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/06/05/free-speech-hate-speech-clash-recent-uc-san-diego-speaking-cancellation/
Free speech, hate speech clash in recent UC San Diego speaking cancellation
Princeton Professor Keeanga-Yamahtta Taylor’s cancelled speaking engagements prove violence is inherent in hate speech
Threatening a Princeton professor on social media for valid political critique isn’t the best use of anybody’s time.
And yet, that’s how a whole host of internet trolls chose to react to a recent Fox News segment about Princeton professor of African American Studies Keeanga-Yamahtta Taylor’s much-applauded commencement address at Hampton College. In response to a cascade of violent and bigoted threats, the professor recently announced on Facebook that she has canceled lectures at the University of California, San Diego, among other schools.
This is yet another unequivocal nail in the coffin to the argument that speech in and of itself can’t be a form of violence.
And where’s the outrage? When Milo Yiannopoulos’ paid speaking gig was canceled because of local protest, which also was speech to be protected, conservatives were furious. When Ann Coulter backed the UC Berkeley campus into a corner by announcing her visit with a fraction of the standard warning and then backed out, the world erupted in free speech outrage.
Those fearless free speech advocates seem far less interested in rushing to Taylor’s defense at this neighboring UC campus. Demands for upholding the values of free speech seem suspiciously selective in this country.
It’s interesting, also, who has more clout in the arena of recent free speech discourse. Taylor is a Princeton professor. Yiannopoulos and Coulter are just cults of personality with bad hair.
The biggest difference, of course, is that Taylor has made a career of uplifting and supporting marginalized communities, while Milo and Ann have only furthered injustice.
Professor Taylor was threatened with being lynched, among other heinous violent acts. There’s a whole history of violent silencing of Black people who are trying to speak out about Black marginalization and uplift. The threat of this violence, in comparison to that of Yiannopoulos and Coulter, is far more startling and inherently dangerous.
Back in the days of the Black Power movement, Angela Davis, Malcolm X and even Martin Luther King Jr. were targeted by the COINTELPRO program. The federal government was trying to put them all in jail, and it sometimes succeeded. Angela Davis was No. 3 on the FBI Most Wanted list. The government actively dismantled the Black Panthers out of fear of Black Power.
The parallels here are unmistakable.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/05/30/gender-inclusive-restrooms-just-starting-point/
Gender-inclusive restrooms at BUSD are just a starting point
CITY ISSUES: While BUSD is to be lauded for strides towards inclusion for trans and nonbinary students, there is still more to be done
For many trans and nonbinary students, gender-inclusive bathrooms are definitely not enough.
At the Berkeley Unified School District, the administration seems to be catching up to this, slowly but surely.
In 2013, BUSD pushed forward policies that require schools to use students’ chosen names and personal pronouns in all possible circumstances, including attendance lists, report cards and school IDs. Regardless of legal name changes, safeguards have been put in place against the administration revealing students’ gender identities.
As of this year, nonbinary students have been granted the same recognitions as male-to-female and female-to-male trans kids. According to a Berkeleyside interview with BUSD’s director of student services, there are now roughly 30 students that have registered updated gender and name information into the school system database. On top of that, as of this year, every BUSD school has at least one single-stall “all student restroom.”
These strides are impressive in comparison with almost all other school districts in the United States. But that’s not saying much. Berkeley can claim to be a progressive community all it wants, but it needs to do much more to avoid betraying those ideals. On behalf of trans and nonbinary students in the BUSD, there is still more to be done.
Normalizing gender conversations out in the open in overwhelmingly cisgender spaces by education administrators is incredibly important. Still, for many students, the issue may just lie in the classroom. It’s often harder to ask teachers about sensitive gender topics because “adults will be adults,” and no one can blame queer kids for mistrusting authority. According to Berkeleyside, some concerned parents said teachers were more likely to misgender students than other students.
Kids at BUSD are allowed to change their names and gender options, which is a start, but if they’re under 18, they need parental permission. Kids are being told that they’re leading the way, but they’re still expected to answer to authority figures about their gender identity. This is unacceptable as well.
Here on the UC Berkeley campus, trans and nonbinary students know how challenging it can be to get elite, supposedly progressive institutions to budge on making gender-inclusive bathrooms a reality.
Campus students will also be the first to tell you that the one-bathroom thing is sort of a gimmick. Children shouldn’t have to run across their campus to get to the one safe bathroom available to them. BUSD must continue to expand its gender-neutral bathroom selection on all campuses.
People might say, “Oh we did something! You just have to wait for things to go further.” But trans students shouldn’t have to wait any longer to have their identities formally recognized. We shouldn’t have to make kids sit on their hands waiting. They’re kids!
That being said, this is just the voice of the Daily Californian Ed Board, which is nowhere near as important as the voices of trans students at the BUSD. So who gives a shit while they aren’t being heard?
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/05/22/urban-shield-editorial/
Mayor Jesse Arreguín must stop side-stepping Urban Shield vote
CITY ISSUES: Urban Shield as a program is racist and must be dismantled
Forty-eight years ago on May 15, 1969, armed officers killed a student and wounded many more when they dispersed Berkeley protesters from People’s Park, in what’s since been dubbed “Bloody Thursday.”
This last Tuesday — the very next day — the Berkeley community gathered at the City Council meeting to discuss and put to a vote the pressing need to abolish the Urban Shield program.
Instead, community members waited until midnight to even comment on Urban Shield before the vote was postponed for the third time this year.
Urban Shield, a program instituted in the Bay Area since 2007, is essentially the militarization of local police. The poster for Urban Shield looks like a video game cover. At least 12 Urban Shield trainees in the Oakland Police Department have been involved in fatal shootings, resulting in multiple lawsuits worth upward of $3.6 million. According to ACLU investigations, Urban Shield SWAT teams deployed impact Black and brown folks over two-thirds of the time.
Urban Shield seems like a pretty pressing issue, based on community engagement. Nearly 1,000 Alameda County residents having signed a petition to stop Urban Shield, and one would be hard-pressed to combat the argument that the program is incredibly racist.
Racist reactionary policies are not safe. Fifty-seven percent of Urban Shield SWAT responses are to simple parole and warrant calls, which disproportionately exacerbate and escalate violence targeting Black and brown folks. At a forum on Urban Shield hosted by Councilmembers Cheryl Davila and Kate Harrison, Davila declared “we don’t need police terrorization training because Berkeley residents aren’t terrorists.”
In 2014, despite fierce community organizing, Berkeley voted ultimately to keep Urban Shield intact. Then-councilmember Max Anderson called Urban Shield a “testosterone-fest.” Then-councilmember Jesse Arreguín voted in the minority against Urban Shield.
Now mayor, Arreguín seems far less keen to do anything for the marginalized communities he claims to represent. It seems suspicious that Urban Shield would sit so low on the meeting agenda. Big items such as this should have their own special meetings. They should not be relegated to the end of a council meeting.
It’s preferable that police trained in anti-terrorism procedures don’t deal with protesters as if they were terrorists. The December 2014 Black Lives Matter protests are a key example of the sort of brutality militarized policing provides. One may recall the brutality with which Berkeley police beat down and tear-gassed protesters.
The Berkeley community doesn’t want to see this kind of terrorism training for our police. Instead, perhaps some sensitivity and mental health training might do officers well. There are certainly situations where we want our police to be prepared, but this sort of racialized training is inappropriate and offensive.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.
Correction(s):A previous version of this article incorrectly stated that “Bloody Thursday” was forty-seven years ago. In fact, it was forty-eight years ago.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/05/15/robert-paylors-paralysis-makes-athletic-injustices-apparent/
Robert Paylor’s paralysis makes athletic injustices more apparent
CAMPUS ISSUES: Risks to student athletes warrant more attention from campus administration
College athletes at UC Berkeley are essentially working a full-time job for the campus, and they’re not being paid for it.
Let’s not mince words. A lot of college sports on major university campuses are professional in everything but name and pay. Student athletes train for long, grueling hours on top of their course loads, which at UC Berkeley are of no trivial concern, and compete under an incredible amount of pressure and attention, putting themselves at risk of bodily harm.
For many, college sports are a transactional exchange: You get a diploma — sometimes partially or fully paid for — and in exchange you offer your skills and your labor. Some people wouldn’t have gotten into college without their sport. It’s about access.
Sometimes, though, the risks may far outweigh the benefits. Take the recent case of Cal rugby player Robert Paylor, who just last week suffered an injury at the Penn Mutual Varsity Cup that left his lower body paralyzed with limited motion in his arms.
The UC Berkeley athletic insurance program is paying his medical bills, as it should.
“Providing care for the health of our student-athletes is a fundamental priority for us,” said Cal Athletics spokesperson Herb Benenson. “We remain in close contact with Robert and his family to help ensure they receive the support they need.”
That’s all fine and good, but even with the coverage campus is providing, Paylor’s family friend has still felt the need to set up a GoFundMe campaign to cover what Cal Athletics has chosen to call “unanticipated costs above and beyond traditional medical care.” Are Cal Athletics and the campus doing enough?
Covering athletes’ emergency medical costs is nice, but it’s sort of too little, too late. Assistance after the fact doesn’t make up for the fact itself, and particularly in contact sports, the risk of this kind of injury is real and often not adequately factored into conversations about safety for athletes.
Cal hosts one of the best college rugby programs in the country, and with no professional league rivaling the NBA or NFL waiting on the other side, rugby players will often not go on to make a big salary post-college. There seems to be a lack of communication from college coaches. The players that are joining should know the risks; the possibility of this kind of injury is probably not the crux of any recruiting pitch.
Nobody wants to deal with emergencies. Nobody wants to have to have these plans in place, but they need to be there because college athletes are constantly forced to put themselves in harm’s way. There will always be crises, and when you have life-altering “unanticipated” costs, the university must go above and beyond to cover them.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/05/08/399878/
State audit hearings betray flamboyant grandstanding tactics
UNIVERSITY ISSUES: Students shouldn’t side with UCOP or the state in recent state audit spectacle
Who would’ve thought that people in positions of authority would lie?
The state and UCs both, as public institutions and power players, are accountable to the public for representing accurate information (and not #FakeNews), but in the wake of the recent state audit, both the state and UC President Janet Napolitano’s office are disagreeing with each other over what should be simple facts.
The state audit claims to have revealed $175 million in undisclosed reserves. The UC Office of the President claims $38 million is being kept as reserves, while $83 million is being used for restricted funds and $49 million was previously allocated and disclosed to the regents for programs the public was made aware of.
In direct opposition to this, Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom and others decry a lack of transparency to the regents and to the public. They also believe Napolitano’s office directly tried to inhibit the audit, but both sides disagree about what role her office had in explaining or obfuscating budget material.
It’s absurd that these two public institutions are fighting over the validity of such basic facts. This has become a public shouting match, embarrassing for everyone involved. The mess of the hearings speaks to a lack of coordination as well as professionalism. Perhaps these showy disagreements should’ve been resolved before the audit was published.
But that’s wishful thinking, as this sort of theatrical bickering happens every year in one form or another between the UCOP and state officials. Over the years, it has often appeared that the state audit works diligently to undermine the UC, as if to suggest budgetary woes could be solved without increased state funding.
And what are students supposed to do? Trust the UC system as it swindles them out of money? Or perhaps the state that defunded higher education in the first place?
Both parties in the last month have used students as rhetorical bargaining chips, taking moral high ground against each other for caring little about the welfare of UC students. But they’ve never really made students a priority, and pretending to do so now is a sham. Yes, fight among yourselves, just don’t put students in the crosshairs.
There are these big transparency issues in the UC, but if the regents and the state had involved more UC students in the first place, they would already know that. It’s to students, and not to state officials, that the onus of accountability lies.
Maybe students shouldn’t take a side. Neither the UC system nor the state is on the students’ side anyway.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/05/01/global-studies-editorial/
Global studies represents move toward marketability
UNIVERSITY ISSUES: Global Studies and M.E.T. represent lamentable shifts in UC Berkeley's education system.
Churning out marketability is not what public education should be.
Years of cutting, condensing and consolidating UC Berkeley’s peace and conflict studies major have culminated in the March 2016 announcement that the new global studies major will swallow PACS, development studies and all of the major area studies programs under the international and area studies umbrella into one single global studies program.
After decades of political action on the part of undergraduates and faculty to keep peace and conflict studies alive on campus, the program will die out next spring without more than a whimper.
Many students have come to UC Berkeley over the years to study PACS. The radical vision of a PACS education weaves together timely campus issues and intersectional, international issues into a program unique to UC Berkeley.
Meanwhile, on the other side of campus, the Berkeley Management, Entrepreneurship, and Technology Program will begin in the fall. A dual degree program between the Haas School of Business and College of Engineering, M.E.T. emphasizes marketability in Silicon Valley and getting the most bang for your buck for a semester’s tuition, demanding upward of 20 units per semester.
M.E.T. and global studies are two sides of the same coin: the neoliberal march toward making majors more marketable and more efficient.
Associate Chancellor Nils Gilman claims that the creation of global studies is “a way to streamline and create administrative efficiency,” but that’s a cop out. If anything, formatting a single global studies bureaucracy is just a way to minimize support for peace and conflict studies at UC Berkeley and relegates it from a full curriculum to a few courses.
UC Berkeley’s financial deficit has has backed the administration into a corner, forced to celebrate privately funded programs like M.E.T. while important aspects of the public mission fall by the wayside. Moreover, the formation of global studies seems to be a way for the IAS department chairs — who are both political economists — to solidify political economy’s position on top of the hierarchy.
In 2011, the campus External Review Committee decided that PACS was flourishing and that its only need was more funding and resources. Instead, the administration has proven that it does not care about allocating funds or support for PACS or other IAS majors, instead downsizing and weakening them.
In times of increased global conflict and heightened polarization of political ideology, it is imperative that we teach how to deconstruct and analyze these events in an academic setting.
With the rise in tuition, education is an investment. Perhaps it’s too little too late, but this prioritization of marketability over education in UC Berkeley highlights a strain in the priorities of the education system and in the systems at large that put demands on students.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/04/28/thank-saving-free-speech-campus/
Thank you for saving free speech on campus
CAMPUS ISSUES: Ann Coulter and Milo Yiannopoulos both put their bodies on the line to defend free speech. But only one can be crowned 'Free Speech Monarch.'
It’s been a wild semester on campus. One fiery protest, countless nervous emails from our administration, an alleged $175 million discovered in Janet “Don’t Read My Wikipedia Page” Napolitano’s doomsday bunker and threats to free speech — which is still alive but barely breathing at the birthplace of the Free Speech Movement. And so we are left wondering: Whom do we have to thank for saving free speech at UC Berkeley?
The clear frontrunners are the two darlings of the Berkeley College Republicans: Ann “Laughed When Dobby Died” Coulter and Milo “OK, You Got Me, I’m Racist” Yiannopoulos. Before we decide which patriot to rename the Free Speech Movement Café after, however, we’d like to consider the following important questions:
Who made it closer to the podium? — YIANNOPOULOS
Everyone knows that the best way to make a speech is to get on a podium — just ask Mario “Rolling in His Grave” Savio. While neither Coulter nor Yiannopoulos quite made it there, the humanities majors on the Editorial Board believe it’s the thought that counts. (The two science majors wholeheartedly disagree.) Coulter made it all the way to hell — only 40.8 miles away from Berkeley. Yiannopoulos did one better, getting as close as 35 feet to the podium before remembering he had left his speech notes at home. We get it, Milo, public speaking is hard. Even though neither of them made it, however, the outrage they generated cemented their omnipresence in our campus discourse.
Who gave us a more personal look at Nicholas “I Don’t Even Have the Unibrow Anymore” Dirks’ values and principles? — TIE
The Daily Californian was as heartbroken as anyone to learn in the fall semester that Nicholas Dirks, who would have gotten away with misusing public funds if it weren’t for you meddling kids, would soon depart. Given the limited amount of time we have left together, we had been hoping that a more vulnerable side of Dirks would emerge. Coulter and Yiannopoulos came to the rescue, leading to a flurry of heart-wrought emails in every student’s inbox and a more thorough understanding of Dirks. We are thankful to both Coulter and Yiannopoulos for gifting us this one last look at the man, the meme, the legend.
Who best exposed The Daily Californian as fake news? — COULTER
While both candidates share a hatred for the Daily Cal that runs as deep as the South, Coulter sealed the deal when she declared our newspaper “FAKE NEWS!” on Twitter. Sure, this was an uneven battlefield, but that was Yiannopoulos’ own undoing, after he was permanently banned from the site last year. Though the former Breitbart technology editor did take to Facebook to criticize several Daily Cal op-eds, his posts lacked the nuance and precise commentary of Coulter’s. We often find ourselves asking: Who will watch the watchdog? We now have our answer: Ann Coulter.
Who got more celebrity support? — TIE
Both Team Coulter and Team Yiannopoulos have a lineup sprinkled with big-time celebrity heavy hitters, but who has the more impressive roster? Coulter assembled a fearsome bunch, including big names like Bill “I Got Protested First” Maher, Richard “Punch Me, I’m Not a Nazi” Spencer and Naweed “I Made It on (Insert News Outlet Here)” Tahmas of BCR fame. Coulter’s talk also earned the approval of progressive mascot Bernie “Remember Me by the Bird, Not This” Sanders. Points for reaching across the political aisle. Yiannopoulos did manage to earn a Twitter nod from Donald Trump — “NO FEDERAL FUNDS?” — as well as from Maher and Spencer. Most importantly, though, BCR’s Pieter “My Father Will Hear About This” Sittler threw himself on the line for Yiannopoulos with his ringing endorsement, something along the lines of: “Other campuses are doing this, so we did it, too.”
All factors considered, the Editorial Board came to the conclusion that the true champion of the land, the defender of free speech at UC Berkeley, is late-stage capitalism. The capitalist political and economic structure provided the necessary foundations for Trump to be elected president, which, in turn, emboldened individuals such as Milo “Looking for Work” Yiannopoulos and Ann “I’m Not as Bad as Milo” Coulter to creep out of Mordor.
With this in mind, we propose that FSM be turned into a Taco Bell as a symbol of late-stage capitalism in Berkeley — and because Taco Bell gave the maximum donation to Trump’s presidential campaign back in August.
What do you think, did our Editorial Board get it right? Comment below to let us know!
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.
Correction(s):A previous version of this article misspelled Naweed Tahmas’ name.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/04/25/cal-day-protests-represent-best-campus/
Cal Day protests represent best of campus
CAMPUS ISSUES: Protests on Saturday showed campus students fight against injustices.
This Cal Day, with UC Berkeley so visible to parents and incoming students, the campus represented itself in perhaps the best way we can hope to be perceived — students and community members all coming out to fight injustice.
Demanding higher wages and safer working conditions, members of the Undergraduate Workers Union linked arms and stood in front of Sather Gate. With inequities occurring on a regular basis — in the federal administration, on our campus and at so many other levels — it sends a powerful message to the world when united communities come out to protest them.
Cal Day exists largely as propaganda to attract potential students and their parents — the blue and gold balloons and the bouncy castles are not a daily occurrence at UC Berkeley.
To the campus’s credit, the protest was not disturbed, as police passively stood on the sidelines without violently engaging with the protesters.
The protest Saturday was not a new phenomenon. Just last year, about 30 student demonstrators gathered in front of Sather Gate to protest UC President Janet Napolitano, who had not yet renewed grants for undocumented students across the UC system.
In context of the cancellation of the Milo Yiannopoulos and Ann Coulter speaking events, protests on campus have been stuffed into a narrative that UC Berkeley actively fights against free speech. What that perspective fails to address, however, is that protesting is an act of free speech — of people using their collective power to confront hatred and bigotry. By criticizing student-led protests, those on the right hypocritically stifle left-leaning speech.
Protests are deeply ingrained into campus culture, and their import goes beyond a conservative-liberal divide. The UWU experiences alleged wage theft and poor working conditions, among other nonpartisan injustices. UC Berkeley has witnessed protests in support of undocumented students, the Black Lives Matter movement and preventing tuition hikes. When the campus juggled dissolving the public health major and the College of Chemistry, students gathered in the rain to rally support for the programs.
The spirit of protest in Berkeley extends even to Berkeley High School, which has held massive protests of police brutality, Donald Trump’s election and hostile images targeting Black students that were found on a school computer.
UC Berkeley again affirmed its values in the March for Science rally that also occurred Saturday, in part as a reaction to Trump’s proposed budget cuts to federal agencies that fund scientific research.
Although the Cal Day protests may have instigated the usual criticisms that such acts ruin the campus’s reputation, we could not ask for a better representation of the values our campus holds.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/04/21/campus-program-must-prove-federally-compliant/
Campus program must prove it is federally compliant
A campus program that purports to serve disabled students could be lying to the government in a sad attempt to meet federal guidelines. The home of the disability rights movement could once again be letting down marginalized UC Berkeley students. Hopefully this program can turn what some students allege are lies into reality before the next audit.
According to several sources in an article The Daily Californian published Thursday, the campus’s TRiO at Disabled Students’ Program has allegedly been misreporting the number of students it is servicing — perhaps by as many as a whopping 205 people. These services receive $300,902 in federal awards and are supposed to assist at least 250 students with disabilities on campus.
A program coordinator and the DSP director both revealed how poorly run the TRiO program is. They offered conflicting statements on TRiO’s federal compliance and could not account for how 205 of the students had entered the program. On top of that, several students have alleged that they never signed up for TRiO and are not receiving help from the program, even though they are listed as program beneficiaries.
Time and time again, we have seen this campus fail to provide adequate services to disabled students. In 2015, an external auditor found 23 citations where TRiO did not meet federal regulations.
Just last year, another DSP program — Workability IV, meant to prepare disabled students to find jobs and adjust to school — was discontinued after the campus could not provide additional funding to the program. It was later found to have been out of compliance with state regulations for years.
When our campus has a storied history of disabilities rights activism, it comes as a particular disappointment that DSP programs are consistently mismanaged or even cut. While the campus has skirted responsibility in the past because of inadequate state funding, this classic excuse does not apply to TRiO. The blame falls on the poorly run yet sufficiently funded program itself.
With such pervasive problems with DSP, the trust between administrators and students has been broken, and TRiO should do everything in its power to regain it. The program should be proactive to serve more students, raise awareness of resources and use its funding to promote events that entice students. But if students are alleging that they are not receiving such benefits from the program, then where exactly is this $300,902 going? Whom exactly does it benefit?
This revelation should serve as a wake-up call for TRiO and other campus services operating below expectations. They should work to prove they are compliant with federal regulations before the next audit — or else even the small number of students they do serve could lose what little help they receive.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/04/18/violence-recent-protest-not-provide-long-term-solution/
Dissent: Violence in recent protest did not provide long-term solution
CITY AFFAIRS: Antifa's actions at recent rally did not provide long-term solution to country's divisions
This week, a portion of the Editorial Board dissented with the majority opinion. Read the majority editorial here.
The country enters a dangerous territory when it overlooks the intricate facets of Saturday’s Free Speech Rally (or any protest) and its causes, as well as its ramifications for progression past the nation’s most precarious ideological divides.
White supremacists flocked to Berkeley, a sanctuary city famous for its liberal values. The fact that the supremacist ideology exists at all is repulsive, and the use of violence to defend such beliefs is even more vile. But the most visible resistance to such an abhorrent philosophy often manifests in counter-violence, further ingraining a stubborn righteousness into every point of view in the muddled equation.
Supremacists at the rally instigated the same kinds of over-the-top vicious tactics the alt-right criticizes Antifa for using, in turn demonstrating the hypocrisy that’s become normalized in American political polarization. The seemingly irreconcilable “sides” of the spectrum fail to understand that violence inflicted under the radicalized guise of “protecting free speech” or “protecting citizens from fascism” doesn’t just reflect poorly on their political platforms — it also perpetuates a cycle of fight after fight. Violence at such protests has become the immediate tactic to which opponents default, though it does little to produce long-term, net-positive change.
The violence that erupted Saturday is not novel in Berkeley — we saw it on campus when Milo Yiannopoulos came to speak, and we saw it March 4 when Trump supporters organized a rally. But all that the clashes have managed to promote is media sensationalism and widespread generalities about who “liberals” and “conservatives” ostensibly are. No one shifted their ideology after the clashes Saturday, no matter how many rocks were hurled. Instead, people continued to deny their complicity in the nation’s tumult.
But pointing fingers — at Antifa, at Republicans, at any of the other forces present at the Saturday rally — isn’t working. It makes it harder to fight against supremacists like the ones who showed up Saturday and the systems of oppression they openly tout. It makes it harder for voices from all parts of the political spectrum to truly exercise free speech. And peaceful protests, think pieces, votes and legislation have all largely failed to permanently remedy the impenetrable disconnect in this country as well, or we wouldn’t have neo-Nazis in our park.
When fists become a substitute for rational dialogue, though, we need to reflect on the productivity of stagnant hatred in lieu of intellectualism. While history shows that violence is not morally wrong or ineffective in every social movement, it proved a fruitless tool Saturday for promoting the enduring change that anti-fascists desire.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/04/10/vote-yes-community-career-connections-initiative-referendum/
Vote ‘yes’ on the Community and Career Connections Initiative Referendum
Why else would we spend upward of $15,000 in tuition each year if not because of our naïve faith that graduating from UC Berkeley will afford us certain advantages when looking for jobs? But when the campus fails to adequately take care of its own students, it promotes an unfair advantage for a privileged few who have their own connections and outside networks when looking for jobs. We must therefore pass the Community and Care Connections Initiative Referendum to alleviate this issue.
In an ideal world, every UC Berkeley student and recent graduate would breeze through internship interviews and job applications, but this is not the case. The campus Career Center and Public Service Center have largely been left on their own. They rely on grants, contracts and fees to support most of their budget, putting them in an increasingly unstable position.
This referendum will change that. By paying an $18 semesterly fee that will increase by $3 each year for five years, students will benefit from an expanded Career Center and Public Service Center with improvements to student services across the board. The funding will go toward hiring more career counselors, covering travel expenses for lower-income students, providing mock interviews and strengthening relationships with community partners, among many other services.
Our Editorial Board especially liked the referendum for its proposed increase in career counselors for students in the College of Letters and Sciences. While the job search for all students is rough, students in L&S majors would particularly benefit from the extra help that this referendum will provide for, as opposed to students in engineering or business fields, whose post-college paths are more straightforward.
$18 a semester is a sensible fee to pay if students wish to graduate with better career guidance than our campus currently offers.
The fee also has a strong oversight committee, as well as the support of the ASUC Senate and campus public service groups, such as Cal Rotaract and the Suitcase Clinic. We would be remiss not to endorse a referendum that has such overwhelming support and offers us such an essential need.
Vote “yes” on the Community and Career Connections Initiative Referendum.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/04/10/vote-yes-big-c-referendum/
Vote ‘yes’ on the Big ‘C’ Referendum
When one in four students feels excluded at UC Berkeley, we should take notice and pool resources to confront the problem. A “yes” vote on the Big “C” (Big Community) Referendum does just that — it’s a significant step in the right direction to improve campus climate.
By approving a $29-per-semester fee, voters can enhance the experience of some of the most historically marginalized students at UC Berkeley. Two-thirds of the funding will go to programs within the Centers for Educational Justice and Community Engagement, or EJCE, including the Gender Equity Resource Center, Native American Student Development and African American Student Development. As is standard, the remaining one-third will return to student financial aid.
Though the fee is expensive, its impact would reach the entire student body, not just underrepresented minority students. Everyone on campus benefits when we take care of community members whose UC Berkeley experiences are tainted with inequities. Additionally, the fee will be waived for low-income students.
EJCE stands a great deal to lose should this referendum fail to pass. Staffing positions have already been eliminated amid UC Berkeley’s fiscal crisis. The Big “C” Referendum’s primary sponsor, Ifechukwu Okeke, said it best: This institution is nothing without staff committed to serving students. And EJCE serves thousands of students — it’s ludicrous to think that resources could further deteriorate.
A portion of the funding would also support student staff members, who — much like professional staff — are critical to the sustainable operation of facilities.
Yes, $58 a year is a lot to ask for. But few causes parallel the merits of this referendum, which proposes clear reforms to assist underrepresented-minority students. UC Berkeley should feel like home for everyone.
Vote “yes” on the Big “C” Referendum.
Editorial Board member Aslesha Kumar recused herself from the discussion of this endorsement because of her involvement in Centers for Educational Justice and Community Engagement programs.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/04/10/vote-no-lux-referendum/
Vote ‘no’ on the LUX Referendum
What do you get when you couple a sticker price of $115 in annual student fees with half-baked plans for funding allocation? The LUX Referendum, a misguided attempt to “enhance the breadth of student life” with more concerts, comedy shows and … magicians.
If approved, the referendum would increase the existing $27.50 semesterly Student Activities Fee by $10 a year for three years, culminating at $57.50 per semester in 2020 and, worst-case scenario, $150 per semester in 2030.
While the fee has not increased since 2001, not even to adjust for inflation, the LUX fee is unsustainable and myopic. It also seems to ignore the huge number of fees that students already pay — more than $1,100 annually — on top of increasing tuition.
The staggering lack of transparency related to the marketing of this referendum alone could be reason enough to vote “no.” The campaign claims that voting in favor of the referendum supports “a slight increase in activity fees,” but to suggest that more than doubling the cost of the student activities fee within three school years to $57.50 is just a small bump in funding is disingenuous.
The proponents repeatedly emphasized to our Editorial Board that the referendum is intended to bolster financial support for campus clubs and organizations. Roughly 24 percent of the money generated from the fee, however, will be padding the budget of ASUC SUPERB, the entertainment arm of the student government responsible for coordinating various movie screenings and concerts each year.
While bringing more magicians and hypnotists (as proposed in the expanded budget plan) to campus may be a sexy way to spend money, we need to be practical in light of campuswide budget cuts.
In 2015, the similarly overpriced B.L.U.E. Fee Referendum to increase the student activity fee by $20 a semester failed with just 32.9 percent in support. It’s clear that the sponsors of the LUX Referendum have not learned their lesson: Students do not want a fee that will balloon drastically over the next three years. The Daily Californian said “no” to that referendum, and we’re saying “no” to this one as well.
We hope that the sponsors will go back to the drawing board and give voters a more palatable student fee increase that will go exclusively toward supporting underfunded clubs and organizations, rather than disproportionately funding SUPERB. But the referendum as is fits its name — increased student activities are a luxury. Students shouldn’t have to pay an inordinate amount in fees to fund them.
Vote “no” on the LUX Referendum.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/04/10/vote-yes-housing-security-referendum/
Vote ‘yes’ on the Housing Security Referendum
This one should be easy. The Housing Security Referendum provides a much-needed solution to a problem that has afflicted our campus for too long.
While we cannot expect to remedy housing insecurity overnight, this referendum serves as a reasonable first step by helping students pay their security deposits. Unfortunately, that deposit too often serves as a stumbling block for many students on the search for housing.
This referendum will incur on students a modest fee of $4 per semester for the next four years, potentially providing 2,000 students with loans and scholarships to help pay their security deposits and will be returned at the expiration of the lease. The seeds we plant with this referendum would bloom into an entirely new form of financial aid.
According to the referendum’s primary sponsor, ASUC Senator Anthony Carrasco, this loan/scholarship will have an 87 percent return rate — a loss that will be offset by increased fundraising efforts. In other words, this pool could benefit future generations of UC Berkeley students indefinitely.
While we always fear that increased government programs will only contribute to bureaucratic bloat with the imposition of a new committee and additional staff, Carrasco said students who qualified for a loan/scholarship would receive their housing award within two weeks of applying.
Given the range of students that this fee increase will serve, the Housing Security Referendum stands out as one of the most practical on the ballot. And by starting at a relatively low cost, it also gives itself room to grow should it fail to provide students with adequate housing security.
Our campus falls flat when it comes to serving its most disadvantaged student communities. But those communities support this referendum. We must take it upon ourselves to ensure that students have the ability to pay a security deposit and compete for housing equitably with their peers.
Vote “yes” on the Housing Security Referendum.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.




http://www.dailycal.org/2017/04/07/beyond-party-lines-3/
Beyond party lines
To read the Editorial Board’s full endorsements, click here
We are students on this campus at a momentous time. The arrival of a new chancellor promises an opportunity for a fresh start, helping us move past yet never forget the incompetence of the previous administration. But we are still plagued by rising tuition, housing insecurity and state disinvestment — problems that seem to balloon with time.
Developments in national politics have targeted many marginalized communities on our campus and have left undocumented students, students of color, the LGBTQ+ community and so many others feeling unsafe.
Our next ASUC leadership will not be able to solve such multifaceted problems within an academic year. These behemoths can be tackled only through diligent work across party lines. But we hope our leaders will listen to the voices of the community and fight to represent our interests to the campus administration, the city, the state and, at times, even the world. We hope that these leaders’ work does not leave any voice in the margins.
UC Berkeley lives up to its reputation as a socially conscious campus, and annual ASUC elections — which include representation of so many communities — show what is so great about this institution. Where else will you find college students so fervently talking about mental health, homelessness, national politics and human rights?
At the end of the day, many of us are united in the problems we face and the fears we weather.
Although Defend Affirmative Action Party candidates rarely win, their continued resistance to racism at every level is critical in the face of a hostile presidential administration. SQUELCH! is always good for a laugh amid the stress of campaign season. CalSERVE and Student Action both ran qualified executive candidates that have the potential to do fine jobs should they get elected. And the independent candidates will help cut through party lines.
The future of our campus is uncertain, but only because there is no limit to how much we can accomplish as long as our commitment matches our passion.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/04/07/zaynab-abdulqadir-morris-president/
Zaynab AbdulQadir-Morris for president
The two frontrunners for ASUC president — CalSERVE candidate Zaynab AbdulQadir-Morris and Student Action candidate André Luu — have both put in an incredible amount of time serving this campus that deserves to be commended. But a large part of the office is about the symbolic capital the position affords to raising awareness of certain issues, and we believe that power will be best wielded by AbdulQadir-Morris.
As a current ASUC senator who ran on a platform of representing students of color, AbdulQadir-Morris has shown incredible competence when following through on promises, and we believe it will translate into her presidential platform to improve campus climate.
She has already shown a commitment to her own community by lobbying to establish the Fannie Lou Hamer Resource Center and an undergraduate scholarship fund for Black students.
We were especially concerned when Luu told our Editorial Board about his partnership with the recently formed Undergraduate Workers Union but later admitted he had not reached out to members of the union.
Luu has an extensive history with organized events such as Votechella, and it’s his third bid for an elected ASUC office. But when it comes to the bigger picture, AbdulQadir-Morris’ devotion to representing marginalized communities to campus administrators clearly shows she is a cut above. Her weakness is that she lacks a nuanced understanding of campus problems, such as the housing crisis, but we believe this can be remedied by further research and outreach.
Defend Affirmative Action Party candidate Richard Alvarado, who did not interview with our Editorial Board, has neither the institutional knowledge nor the experience to be ASUC president. While his platform to defend undocumented students is respectable, it ignores all the campus’s other problems.
Ghost, a satirical candidate running with SQUELCH!, admirably advocates transparency, but we question how we can hold Ghost accountable if we are unable to see it.
With our next president, we want someone who has shown loyalty to their communities and has their support. We want someone we can trust to listen to our voices.
Vote Zaynab AbdulQadir-Morris for president.
To read the Editorial Board’s full endorsements, click here
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/04/07/helen-yuan-executive-vice-president/
Helen Yuan for executive vice president
Despite running unopposed, Helen Yuan did not phone this one in. Her feasible plans are in line with student concerns and demonstrate a clear understanding of the executive vice president’s role.
One of the biggest problems she would tackle is allocating spaces for student groups. She has already started looking into converting the old BAMPFA building into student-friendly space in the long term.
Hopefully Yuan can address these long-term space solutions simultaneously with day-to-day allocation of the Martin Luther King Jr. Student Union and Eshleman Hall to student groups. Seamless allocation will hinge primarily on her ability to communicate with student groups to set scheduled time for spaces and communicate the availability of resources.
We are confident that Yuan would make the ASUC more transparent and efficient, because she has experienced firsthand what a fiasco the ASUC can be. According to Yuan, the first department she joined ended up dissolved. We would like to see this experience influence her role as EVP when connecting student groups with the rest of the ASUC and seeking student input to improve the businesses around campus.
There are concerns that Yuan has never proposed a senate resolution during her time as an ASUC senator. If her reasoning is to be believed, however, she views senate resolutions as largely symbolic and would rather spend her energy building relationships with community leaders and collaborating on other senators’ projects.
That philosophy is incredibly refreshing, considering that many students view the ASUC as a den of snakes chasing resume fodder and taking credit for others’ work. Instead, Yuan comes across as sincere and fights for issues that hit close to home.
That being said, it is unfortunate when executive candidates run unopposed, because their platforms are often less contested and consequently weaker. Thankfully, we were fortunate enough to have a candidate in Yuan who is more than qualified for this job.
Vote Helen Yuan for executive vice president.
To read the Editorial Board’s full endorsements, click here
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/04/07/rigel-robinson-external-affairs-vice-president/
Rigel Robinson for external affairs vice president
For external affairs vice president, there is only one choice: Rigel Robinson. Not literally, of course. But it might as well be.
Among his competition — Student Action candidate Raj Bhargava and Defend Affirmative Action Party candidate Gabriela Takahashi — Robinson is in a league of his own. In fact, after interviewing candidates for every executive position, the Editorial Board felt that Robinson was the clear standout for his experience, eloquence and detailed plans for reform.
As EAVP, Robinson will hold the important responsibility of serving as a student representative to the city of Berkeley, state representatives and the University of California at large. He has comprehensive experience as an ASUC senator, an intern for then-City Councilmember Jesse Arreguín and a student leader throughout tuition hike and Dakota Access Pipeline protests.
Bhargava has never served as an ASUC senator — his experience in the ASUC comes largely from the Student Advocate’s Office. His platforms indicate that his goals as EAVP would center on building closer relationships with state and UC leadership. While the further cultivation of such alliances is no doubt imperative, Bhargava lacks a background in perhaps the most time-consuming aspect of the job — fostering campus-city relations.
Robinson, the current chair of the Real Estate Student Board, has demonstrated a clear understanding of the student housing crisis and has already begun to work on solutions.
Though Takahashi did not attend an endorsement interview, our Editorial Board believes that her goals of mobilizing marginalized communities to fight against Trump, while noble, have little to do with the day-to-day responsibilities of the EAVP office.
Overall, what made Robinson such an admirable candidate, beyond his track record of success and concrete strategies, was his recognition of his privilege. He recognizes that as EAVP, he would often have to fight for issues that attack other identities and is aware that he will need to advocate for marginalized voices.
Vote Rigel Robinson for external affairs vice president.
To read the Editorial Board’s full endorsements, click here
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/04/07/andrew-ian-bullitt-academic-affairs-vice-president/
Andrew-Ian Bullitt for academic affairs vice president
Andrew-Ian Bullitt is the most qualified candidate for academic affairs vice president because he is the only candidate for academic affairs vice president. But his interview with our Editorial Board left us with serious concerns.
He would bring a valuable perspective as a current ASUC senator and a student of color in a STEM field. He also said that as AAVP, he would fight the exclusionary behavior caused by high GPA requirements that unfairly benefit students from higher-income backgrounds who have easier transitions into collegiate academics.
His fix for this academic disparity, however, is to increase funding for STEM departments, such as electrical engineering and computer science, that will supplement more classes and resources. The only problem: Departments in the College of Letters & Science face funding cuts akin to those of STEM departments — largely self-sufficient thanks to donors and grants. Across his platforms, a troubling disconnect with non-STEM fields emerges.
On grade deflation, Bullitt called for a resource that collected average GPA per major. He admitted that he was unaware of a Daily Californian database that compiled more than 1.9 million grades over the past nine years by department, showing his lack of research into his own platforms.
Also concerning is a poor track record of following through on his promises. For instance, he created a Student Information Services Student Advisory Committee, which he dropped into the hands of the ASUC’s chief technology officer and has not checked up on since.
This endorsement was not an easy decision. This board carefully weighed the option to not endorse a candidate for the position. We ultimately decided, however, that a nonendorsement should be made only when a candidate would harm our student body — and that, at least, is not the case with Bullitt.
If elected, however, he needs to take the AAVP office more seriously than he has throughout his campaign.
Vote Ian Bullitt for academic affairs vice president.
To read the Editorial Board’s full endorsements, click here
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/04/07/jillian-free-student-advocate/
Jillian Free for student advocate
Nonpartisan candidate Jillian Free, who has worked in the Student Advocate’s Office for six semesters, is the most qualified person for student advocate.
With unparalleled institutional knowledge, Free will come into this position having worked closely with current Student Advocate Selina Lao, who, in turn, was chief of staff under previous student advocate Leah Romm, who was chief of staff under student advocate Rishi Ahuja.
There is a pattern here, and for good reason. The position of student advocate is a highly nuanced job that demands the ability to handle grade disputes, financial aid and sexual violence allegations, among other issues that students face.
Free’s experience as both a caseworker and director of the conduct division for the SAO runs in stark contrast to that of her opponent, Asahi Hardy with the Defend Affirmative Action Party, who has never worked in the SAO. While Hardy has worked with the bridges Multicultural Resource Center, his plan to double the admissions of underrepresented minority students to UC Berkeley is not within the purview of the student advocate and is, to put it simply, unfeasible.
In sharp contrast, Free has a clear understanding of the capacity of the office and knows how to use it effectively. Many of her platforms are continuations of and improvements on work that has been carried out under previous student advocates. While these ideas may not be particularly inspiring, they lead to necessary, steady progress.
This is not to discredit Free’s credentials at all. During her interview with our Editorial Board, she promised to prioritize funding for students’ basic needs and implement an emergency housing protocol. Her extensive experience as a caseworker on the interpersonal level will also help her improve the quality of caseworker services available to students — especially important for sexual misconduct reports.
Free has demonstrated a commitment to the SAO that makes us confident she would follow through on her campaign promises.
Vote Jillian Free for student advocate.
To read the Editorial Board’s full endorsements, click here
Editorial Board member Aslesha Kumar recused herself from the discussion of this endorsement because of her personal friendship with Jillian Free.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/04/03/uc-must-affirm-support-international-students/
UC must affirm support for international students
Our halcyon days are over. For the first time in 12 years, the number of international undergraduate applicants to the University of California has decreased. Countries with large Muslim populations collectively sent in 10 percent fewer applications. Applications from Mexico decreased by 30 percent.
It might be tempting to look at the overall 1 percent decrease in applications and sidestep panic. But in the context of the rapid, consistent growth the university had experienced until now, this number has troubling implications. The decrease must serve as a wake-up call for the UC administration.
There are a plethora of theories that skeptics might invoke to explain the decline, from state disinvestment to rising tuition costs. But those problems have plagued the university for a while now, and the number of applications still grew each year regardless.
It was not until November, when UC applications were due and Donald Trump won the election, that a 12-year period of growth in international applications — including an 11 percent growth in 2015-16 and 10 percent in 2014-15 — suddenly ended.
It should come as no surprise that a president who ran on alienating platforms, specifically to Muslims and Latinx communities, would have a negative impact on students’ decision to study in the United States.
While the UC system often juggles its commitment to the state of California with its appeal to out-of-state students, it must remember that as a globally renowned research institution, it also holds a responsibility to international students and researchers. International students contribute a unique perspective to our campuses that improves the level of discourse for all students. Beyond that, studies have shown that most international students wish to remain in this country after they graduate and contribute to the economy.
Trump is not the only one to blame here — the decrease in the number of international students willing to apply to UC campuses is also indicative of a culture of exclusivity that benefits California residents. Administrators must reaffirm their support for international students and increase the resources available to them.
For instance, the university should provide resources for international students to find jobs that complement their visas. F1 visas allow students of certain majors, notably in STEM fields, more time and opportunities to work in the country.
Trump has triumphed on an isolationist rhetoric that pits the interests of the United States against those of foreign countries. The university must succeed where Trump has failed and reaffirm the importance of diversity by welcoming and supporting all students, no matter their nationality. It must strengthen the University of California’s global reputation as the appeal of attending college in the United States diminishes among international students.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/03/24/asuc-candidates-must-hold-selves-accountable/
ASUC candidates must hold selves accountable
CAMPUS ISSUES: Candidates owe it to the voters to remain honest and accept accountability rather than mislead them further.
As UC Berkeley’s independent, student-run newspaper and the only outlet that regularly covers the ASUC, we have a responsibility to hold people in power accountable and to ensure that the community has an accurate understanding of the problems facing our campus.
That means we have a responsibility to examine the platforms that candidates promise are salient. While the ASUC and The Daily Californian are independent of each other, we share a common goal: fixing the campus’s institutional and day-to-day problems.
After years of candidates who blatantly misunderstand campus issues, sprinkling over ineptitude with catchy platforms that amount to nothing, many on campus have grown jaded. Post-elections, promises on which senators had campaigned are often quietly abandoned. We hope to change this trend and hold our elected officials to a higher standard.
The ASUC is a flawed system. It is difficult to hold specific officials responsible when projects fall through. Senators get away with taking credit for projects they did not champion. Campus groups often complain about the ASUC’s lack of communication and understanding of the issues.
UC Berkeley has found itself in tough times. With state disinvestment, a new chancellor and myriad vacant administrative positions, we need elected officials who understand the necessity of public feedback.
An important quality for any public official is the humility to listen to criticism and remain accountable. As expected, a few candidates reached out to us to discuss the issues we raised in our previous editorial and worked to clarify misunderstandings. We respect this level of discourse, because it surely will not end if and when these candidates assume office.
Several candidates, however, took to Facebook — where supporters are a majority of their audience — to deny the validity of the criticisms and further obscure facts. This echo chamber is a clear example of what we described in the previous editorial as candidates using “publicity surrounding their campaigns to mislead the public.”
Our national discourse around news media has shown that when public officials deny accountability, everyone loses. Our campus leaders need to transcend the self-serving nature of politics and instead uphold a willingness to accept criticism.
At the same time, it would be hypocritical to say that the Daily Cal is immune to criticism. As student journalists, we work to bolster our contribution to the community each day. But when we make mistakes, we rely on readers to hold us accountable. We issue corrections and accept letters to the editor that draw attention to our shortcomings.
It is inevitable that voters will elect some of the people whose platforms we criticized. We hope that by adjusting their platforms to address concerns and engage in a dialogue, the candidates will accomplish what they set out to do — establish clear paths to recovery amid adversity.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/03/21/fact-checking-asuc-senate-candidates/
Fact-checking the ASUC senate candidates
CAMPUS ISSUES: Each year, many candidates running for ASUC senate slide by with half-assed ideas. This time, they won't.
Implementing a counterclockwise Southside Bear Transit route, despite the fact that it already runs counterclockwise. Talking to Vice Chancellor Harry LeGrande, who stepped down in December. Creating more UC Berkeley research positions in STEM, even though funding is scant.
What do these misinformed ideas have in common? They’re all platforms of this year’s ASUC Senate candidates. They all belong to people who must have barely researched pressing issues on campus. Worst of all, they are using the publicity surrounding their campaigns to mislead the public about the legitimacy of these flawed platforms.
In preparation for the annual popularity contest, students must develop a more critical understanding of student government. Many refuse to take the ASUC seriously, but the reality is that it manages a $1.6 million budget, can influence the selection of administrators and is one of the largest student-government organizations in the country. Plus, officials receive a pretty nice stipend.
Positions should go to qualified candidates who have laid out clear promises to effect change. Unfortunately, thanks to the sheer number of candidates running for senate positions, many slide by with half-assed ideas. But this year, they won’t. Here are just a few examples of unsound platforms, though many more exist:
Alexander Wilfert, Student Action: Wants to repeal a “bill” passed by the city of Berkeley that mandates quiet hours. Revisions to the ordinance have already addressed almost every problem Wilfert raised with it.
Megha Torpunuri, Student Action: Wants a counterclockwise Bear Transit line. The line, in fact, already runs counterclockwise.
Hung Huynh, Student Action: Previously referred to Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs Harry LeGrande — except LeGrande retired from that position in December. Huynh also wants to add “university points” to the Cal 1 Card. Did he not realize that Cal 1 Card debit accounts effectively operate like a point system? He is a classic case of a naïve freshman campaigning for something that already exists.
Katya Yamamoto, Student Action: Wants to increase research opportunities in STEM. These research opportunities, in fact, are heavily funded by the state and federal government. Without increased funding, new positions will not materialize out of thin air, no matter how much she dedicates herself to “working with faculty.”
Jess Yang, CalSERVE: Wants to get students more engaged in local politics by distributing a newsletter, which, if we’re being honest, hardly anyone will read. As a newspaper that covers the city of Berkeley, we know how hard it is to get students engaged in coverage of city politics.
Carmel Gutherz, CalSERVE: Wants to give Pell Grant-eligible students a discounted or free parking pass. In theory, the idea is relevant, but parking in Berkeley is already limited, which discourages driving. Though it would be an immense undertaking, discounts on BART rides would be far more appropriate to advocate.
Derek Topper, independent: Wants to expand the minor program to include more departments. Not only is UC Berkeley in the middle of a massive budget deficit, but minors are established by individual departments. Other than through relentless negotiation with various department chairs, the ASUC Senate has no chance of adding minor programs.
Nina Jhunjhnuwala, independent: Considering the #EnvironmentalismSoWhite campaign, it is strange that the Environmental Council-endorsed candidate mentions the Greek community as a main example of a student group she wants to connect with environmental organizations.

While many candidates will complain that our Editorial Board did not reach out to them before writing this editorial, they fail to recognize that we are critiquing platforms they have touted. They chose to represent themselves to voters in this manner, so they have a responsibility to face the music when they fail to accurately address the campus community’s problems.
Our board analyzed and fact-checked these platforms within an hour. We encourage every student to conduct such simple research on their own to elect an informed senate.
Luckily, it’s not all bad news. While combing through the candidates, we found some who offered concrete plans and solutions. They deserve recognition.

Juniperangelica Xiomara, CalSERVE: Wants to reshape Nixle alerts and the unnecessary attention they draw to race and gender, which encourages racist and transphobic remarks. She has also promised to prioritize undocumented students, transgender students and students of color, who are often neglected by their student government.
Bryan Osorio, independent: Has specific strategies to improve financial aid logistics and graduate school accessibility for first-generation, low-income students.

With the proliferation of independent candidates, we would like to see more like Osorio — who is running to represent smaller groups and tackle real issues on campus — now that the currency of “CalSERVE” or “Student Action” at the bottom of a profile picture has depreciated.
The futility of the ASUC begins with apathetic voters. If students want to make the campus a better space, they have to inform themselves and support candidates who will genuinely make a difference.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/03/17/appointment-carol-christ-good-campus/
Appointment of Carol Christ good for campus
UC Berkeley has narrowly avoided an apocalypse. With the appointment of Carol Christ to the position of chancellor, the campus has positioned itself to overcome the fiscal and administrative challenges that have afflicted public perception for years now.
She is the most qualified person entering this job in recent memory. Unlike the two previous chancellors — Nicholas Dirks and Robert Birgeneau — Christ is an insider well-versed in the intricacies of this large public research institution. She joined the UC Berkeley faculty as an assistant English professor in 1970, when only 3 percent of her colleagues were women.
Now, she undertakes a daunting role as the first female chancellor in UC Berkeley’s 149-year history. As the interim executive vice chancellor and provost, she will definitely be expected to hit the ground running.
Faculty and student leaders who have worked with Christ extol her accessibility and transparency. After years of scandals that have tainted the reputation of the nation’s preeminent public university, those qualities will be more critical than ever as Christ strives to avoid the ghosts of UC Berkeley’s past.
Plans to increase tuition and student housing — potentially building on People’s Park — will introduce Christ to controversial decisions. Student input will be critical moving forward. For Dirks, student engagement began and died with fireside chats. With an opportunity to start fresh, Christ must not lose momentum when the going gets even rougher.
Dirks struggled to fill many vacant administrative positions as the campus landed itself in disgrace after disgrace. A new leader and a promise of a fresh start will attract new talent to the campus — a step toward bringing it back into a favorable light.
With her former position as EVCP now open, we hope that Christ picks a successor who will represent the student body. While her appointment as a woman is a historical milestone, we still expect that she will curate an administration that is accessible to other marginalized communities.
Perhaps the most inexcusable problem that plagued Dirks’ tenure as chancellor was his failure to properly handle cases of sexual misconduct. He and his second-in-command, Claude Steele, swept numerous incidents of harassment and assault under the rug. The mishandlings and justified outcry boiled to the point where UC President Janet Napolitano was forced to step in and propose solutions — a complete slap in the face for UC Berkeley’s administration.
We hope that Christ’s incoming administration takes Title IX violations much more seriously. The campus will have to get creative with its employment practices and prevention trainings if it wants to weed out perpetrators for good.
UC Berkeley is lucky to have found Christ. She has dedicated her life to higher education. While we may have lost a world-renowned fundraiser, we have gained someone even more valuable — a competent leader, and the face of our campus’s future.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/03/14/berkeley-police-actions-act-intentions/
Shoulder Tap operation is dispensable form of law enforcement
CITY ISSUES: Berkeley police crackdowns on underage drinking cause more harm than good.
Berkeley police employ a patrol strategy that involves creating problems to solve. The state’s Shoulder Tap Program, which deploys undercover agents to swindle people into buying alcohol for minors, is the latest in a list of contentious policies — and the most dispensable.
The California Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control has cracked down on the city of Berkeley, allegedly claiming Cafe Durant as its most recent victim. The popular “Taco Tuesday” spot could find itself entombed next to Fat Slice and Remy’s, among other formerly licensed joints, forcing students to venture into the more dangerous Greek Row to reach a buzz.
The Shoulder Tap operation is not only ineffective in combating underage drinking — which, let’s be honest, won’t end anytime soon. It is also a huge waste of police resources. Efforts to protect students should target violent crimes in Berkeley, which increased by 17.9 percent from 2015 to 2016. Instead, police chose to enforce an archaic law and further targeted college students. But considering the intense rigor of UC Berkeley classes, we have it hard enough as is. Just let us have our booze.
The drinking age in the United States, higher than in most countries around the world, was arbitrarily chosen years ago and merits reevaluation. International students, for instance, face a strange transition when their home countries allow them to drink legally at younger ages.
By disempowering college students from buying alcohol at better-regulated locations such as bars and restaurants, the law actively pushes them to pursue alcohol at high-risk spaces, such as fraternities, where they are more exposed to binge-drinking, hard liquor and dangerous behavior. Fraternities have become so dangerous that in October, the Inter-Fraternity Council temporarily suspended social events. The Shoulder Tap operation sounds ridiculous because it is: Police are actively devoting time and attention to a nonviolent crime, all the while putting students in more danger.
Businesses that serve alcohol make the surrounding area safer by encouraging responsible social drinking late at night. If shoulder tapping is meant to keep underage students safe, then police should enforce the policy at fraternities. Police cannot eliminate free will, so they must reconsider a realistic solution to unsafe alcohol consumption.
Unfortunately, Berkeley Police Department has a misconstrued and self-defeating logic toward active policing that has extended to policies that criminalize homelessness. The city often justifies police disbandment of homeless encampments by claiming they encourage crime. But naturally, crime rates rise when homelessness is treated as a crime.
By criminalizing homelessness, shutting down bars and citing scapegoats, police only contribute to desolate streets ripe for crime and make college students more desperate for alcohol. No matter what the police do in Berkeley, underage drinking will continue, and the homeless will continue to exist. Expendable policing is not the answer.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/03/10/campus-must-look-exploitation-allegation/
Campus must look into Cal Dining exploitation allegations
CAMPUS ISSUES: Undergraduate Workers Union raises awareness to an important issue but must narrow focus to accomplish its goals
The Undergraduate Workers Union has made history as the first independent union for undergraduate students. If it does not make some fundamental changes, however, it will soon become history.
The UWU raised several serious allegations against Cal Dining management, and campus administration should not brush them aside by telling union members to take up concerns with their supervisors. Instead, the accusations warrant a direct investigation. Allegations of workplace harassment, wage theft and inadequate training that leads to injury can easily give way to lawsuits.
UC Berkeley must also review policies that have cheated student-workers out of fair employment conditions.
Currently, the UC system has a minimum wage of $14 per hour — higher than the city of Berkeley’s minimum wage of $12.53 an hour. But the $14 figure applies only to employees who work more than 20 hours a week. All students who are part of work-study programs are excluded, as the campus does not permit them to work more than 20 hours each week.
The UWU has demanded wages of $17 to $19 an hour, or a 35 to 51 percent salary increase — unlikely, given the dire financial straits of the campus. Instead, the UWU should demand that the campus either allow students in work-study programs to work more than 20 hours a week or give all workers the same treatment and wages.
Cal Dining has also been accused of ending workers’ shifts right before the four-hour mark, after which they are entitled to compensated breaks under California law. The campus must look into this allegation immediately to avoid potential complicity in worker exploitation.
While the UWU has successfully raised awareness around these issues, it has not gotten its desired response from Cal Dining or the campus administration. If the union hopes to achieve some of if its aims, then it must make serious changes to its organization and demands.
At present, the UWU — predominantly composed of Cal Dining workers — is too small and too narrow in its focus to make such ultimatums. Demanding rollbacks of tuition increases and the Cancel For Non-Payment policy and then allowing the campus only 48 hours to respond is unreasonable. Instead, the union should first focus on Cal Dining-related problems.
The UWU’s debut event, a walkout during lunch hours at Crossroads, included approximately 30 to 40 of the 450 students who work for Cal Dining. While the validity of a movement should not be judged based on numbers, the union’s concerns unfortunately lose some credibility and impact if it cannot amass a wider support base.
An independent, student-run union is a great accomplishment in the face of campus mismanagement and will hopefully bring light to alleged student-worker mistreatment. But if the UWU wants to strengthen its platforms, it must narrow them down and gauge the input of more Cal Dining workers.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/03/07/erasing-problem-not-equate-fixing/
Erasing problem does not equate to fixing it
CAMPUS ISSUES: In an effort to cut corners, campus has eliminated a valuable resource for the public.
If it’s broke, fix it.
Six months ago, the U.S. Department of Justice found that educational videos posted online by UC Berkeley did not meet the standards of the Americans with Disabilities Act. The campus estimated the total cost of adding captions to its videos at $1 million.
UC Berkeley faced two options — either fixing the videos and making them accessible to everyone, including people with disabilities, or deleting them entirely and making them accessible to nobody. They chose the option that took the least effort. Next week, 20,000 course videos will be deleted, and from now on, only enrolled students will have access.
The campus was not required to improve accessibility to the videos if it would result in “undue financial and administrative burdens.” Instead, the campus conceded the cost was neither a burden nor worth the effort to meet.
Even in a time characterized by budget cuts and balancing debts, this was the wrong corner to cut, the lowest-hanging fruit. Apparently, the campus decided there were bigger problems at hand — the chancellor’s public image ($270,000) or the lack of napping ($104,000), perhaps.
While these funds were allocated under different restrictions and for different purposes, a clear pattern emerges: The campus can find money for its priorities, especially when it has at least six months to do so.
Instead, these videos fell under another equally disappointing pattern of this campus — it sweeps so-called trivialities under the rug — recently exemplified by the near-dissolution of the College of Chemistry and the public health major. The school has made financial decisions at the cost of educational quality. In both of those aforementioned incidents, students vocalized their displeasure, went out to protest in the rain and eventually prevented campus plans from coming to fruition.
The entire process behind this latest decision reeks of a dire lack of transparency. The community has little idea how the campus reached this decision, where the $1 million figure came from or whether the campus considered other options beforehand — perhaps asking for volunteers, tasking its own Educational Technology Services to help or even adding a small fee for students. Instead, the campus came to its own conclusion that these videos were better off in oblivion.
The idea of limiting education to avoid paying a reasonable cost is antithetical to the concept of public higher education, especially at the birthplace of the Disability Rights Movement. The videos are valuable resources to people who seek an education but might not have access to one.
The campus has conflated erasing a problem with solving it.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/03/03/124-cases-10-campuses-3-years-0-surprises/
124 cases, 10 campuses, 3 years and 0 surprises
UNIVERSITY ISSUES: Incidences of sexual misconduct throughout UC system reveal dark secret
Content warning: sexual violence
When sexual misconduct becomes normalized, inappropriate behaviors that constitute harassment are not reported. This begets a cycle of degenerate working environments across an institution meant to enlighten society, not shroud itself in secrecy and scandal.
In the past few months, the University of California has taken great strides to improve misconduct policy, including the creation of a systemwide Title IX coordinator position and the implementation of mandatory trainings for students and faculty.
But by allowing one-third of the employees found in violation of policy to remain employed — and on campus, often in close proximity to people they have allegedly harassed and assaulted — the university has been complicit in a hostile working and learning environment systemwide.
The employees allowed to stay on include tenured faculty. While tenure promotes job security, unfortunately, it is also the root of a systemic issue wherein faculty stay in positions of power despite continually abusing it. The university would do well to revisit and amend its tenure policy.
In cases where a policy violator returns to campus after receiving a slap on the wrist, such as a leave of absence, the university effectively demonstrates its sympathy with the respondent above the complainant. Yet the complainant had likely chosen to navigate the confusing and stressful reporting system to avoid further contact with the violator.
The harsh reality is that the number of employees who have violated UC sexual misconduct policy likely exceeds the number that documents reveal. But because the system for reporting violations is so complicated and not guaranteed to lead to serious punitive measures, survivors are disincentivized from speaking out.
The university was quick to point out that the majority of investigations uncovered Tuesday occurred under older UC sexual misconduct policy. The point is moot, however, when those found guilty are still scattered throughout the system. To further complicate matters, some employees found in violation of policy still firmly believe they did nothing wrong. Improvements to policy should accompany a legacy of impact from vigorous censure and trainings on proper conduct.
Even before various news outlets reported on the violations, the university was aware of them and chose to conceal them from many faculty, staff and students, thus putting them at risk when respondents remained employed. At this point, whatever explanation the university offers for this perversion of justice will be meaningless in lieu of substantial preventative measures.
The narrative that surrounds cases of sexual assault and harassment often follows the people who perpetrate it, not the victims. The university must remember that for each shameful case, real people were harmed, and they are more than a black redaction bar.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/02/28/vote-ben-gould-city-council-district-4-seat/
Vote Ben Gould for City Council District 4 seat
After dealing with the same issues time and time again, from homelessness to the plight of small businesses, Berkeley City Council needs a fresh face to offer creative solutions. That face is Ben Gould.
Gould, at 25, is significantly younger and less experienced with Berkeley politics than his primary opponent, Kate Harrison. But through his campaign for mayor, his work on various city commissions and his graduate-student perspective, Gould has developed a strong plan for fixing what he believes are the city’s biggest problems.
His platforms include a path to a living wage and increased environmental sustainability. Gould has set himself apart from his opponent by laying out concrete, data-driven approaches to solving some of the city’s problems, demonstrating foresight beyond his years.
He has discussed plans to create permanent housing to alleviate the homelessness situation in the city. He has specific policies on police reform. He wants to tear down obstacles for small businesses to expand.
Repeating a sentiment in The Daily Californian’s second-rank endorsement for Gould as mayor, there is no better candidate when it comes to environmental issues. His would be a much-valued perspective for the city.
His climate adaption plan, which includes ways to handle increased stormwater and develop sustainability requirements for new construction, displays a strong understanding of climate-change problems and how Berkeley should address them moving forward.
As a student, Gould would also represent one-third of the population of Berkeley — a UC Berkeley student hasn’t sat on the council since Nancy Skinner from 1984-92. For a student to sit on the council would not only be a historic achievement but would also broaden the topics that merit discussion.
The day-to-day issues that students face often differ from those of typical City Council members, who work steady jobs, own cars and don’t undergo constant searches for housing. The shortage of affordable housing is especially felt by students, represented on the council in theory but rarely in practice. Having a tenacious graduate student who understands how other parts of Berkeley live would be an invaluable asset for the UC Berkeley community down the line.
Regardless of the results of this election, however, District 4 will get a solid representative. Throughout her years of community service, Harrison has proved herself a committed and respectable candidate who would bring years of experience to the job. Furthermore, as a longtime resident of Berkeley, Harrison is keenly aware of the unique values of the city and would work to preserve them while also solving new problems.
At the end of the day, Gould represents the future. He would go into office with well-thought-out fixes for the city’s biggest problems and would represent the concerns and priorities of the student body.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/02/24/campus-minority-group-deserves-resources/
Campus Black Student Union deserves more resources
CAMPUS ISSUES: University needs to think of long-term solutions to improve campus climate for underrepresented minorities on campus
Being a student at UC Berkeley is hell. Anyone can tell you that. Being a student at UC Berkeley as an underrepresented minority is even worse. But those voices often go unheard.
A 2014 campus climate survey proved beyond anecdotal evidence that a higher percentage of racial minorities experienced exclusionary conduct on campus than nonminority students. Their adverse experience is part of the reason the six-year graduation rate among Black students is 79 percent — significantly lower than that of Asian or white students, which are 94 percent and 91 percent, respectively.
And after two years of organizing — including occupying the Golden Bear Cafe in December 2014 and blocking Sather Gate during Cal Day in April 2015 — the African American Student Development Center held the grand opening of the Fannie Lou Hamer Black Resource Center earlier this week. This space will provide much-needed resources and services to the campus’s Black community and will hopefully improve its experiences on campus.
Currently, less than 3 percent of UC Berkeley’s student body is Black — not only one of the lowest racial representations on campus but also 4 percentage points below the state’s population of Black residents. While critics argue that the campus has no business in allocating space to a group that makes up such a small percentage of students, they fail to prioritize the experiences their peers in marginalized communities face over space-allocation problems.
The campus took an important step by helping finance the center, but it should not delude itself with wishful thinking — the center is a preliminary move in a long, hard-fought battle for progress. The UC Berkeley administration has a long way to go before it can start patting itself on the back.
The campus plans to allocate $30,000 a year to the center. The Black Student Union asked for $500,000. In comparison, UC Davis provides $200,000 to its Center for African Diaspora Student Success in annual operating costs. Now, BSU students find themselves in a difficult position of fundraising themselves to help cover salaries and benefits for full-time staff members, programming and equipment.
These are necessary costs to ensure the center can sufficiently operate and support students. And after waiting years to even listen to the voices of the Black community, the campus is now giving it only 6 percent of what it asked for. Perhaps the ASUC could give the BSU more than $600 to help cover the costs.
The campus should never expect to solve a problem by throwing money at it. The administration should play an active role in promoting the well-being of students on campus — especially those who have faced oppression and underrepresentation — and ensure that students do not feel isolated from their own university.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/02/21/school-district-must-aim-transparent/
School district must aim to be more transparent
CITY ISSUES: Berkeley Unified School District should be more open to public inquiries from students and parents.
If the Berkeley Unified School District is a black box — opaque, unwilling to acknowledge problems and unyielding to parents’ concerns — then the rumors and allegations against the district are Schrodinger’s cat.
For much of the current school year, BUSD has been at the center of lawsuits, the most recent of which alleges that the district condoned racial discrimination. The suit joins a growing list of reasons for parents and students to raise concerns.
Despite its flagging public image, however, BUSD has evaded transparency when controversy strikes.
As rumors swirled about Sam Pasarow — then-principal of Berkeley High School — who was placed on paid leave in December, BUSD did not give parents relief in the form of a direct answer. When Pasarow resigned in February, a BUSD press release did not disclose the reason.
During school district Board of Education meetings on weekday nights, Berkeley High parents showed up, hoping to get to the bottom of the disruption at their children’s school. When they asked questions about Pasarow, the board did not offer an explanation. Fairly consistently, the board will accept a comment — or, rather, the fact that one was made — but will not expand upon it, even if the concern is as pressing as the fate of a principal.
The Daily Californian, on several occasions, requested emailed records of Pasarow’s leave of absence under the California Public Records Act, but the emails supplied by the school district were insufficient to explain his leave. BUSD cited disclosure exemptions under the act, including privacy protections.
Additionally, after a Berkeley High student sued the school for allegedly mishandling her sexual assault case, the school did not make a satisfactory announcement about the lawsuit.
If the school district will not adhere to parents’ simple requests for clarification or provide transparency — through the revelation of public records or even a paltry schoolwide email — then BUSD must create a separate forum where students and parents can talk openly about these mysterious events and receive straightforward responses from the administration.
At the very least, BUSD must justify its secrecy. Instead, BUSD has allowed rumors to proliferate to the point where members of the PTA have reached out to Daily Cal reporters and asked them to verify rumors.
Berkeley High School has an impressive history of social activism and has supported its students’ right to express themselves when they observe injustices. Sadly, the school and its district have now created distance and isolation from public criticism.
If the district wishes to present itself as a black box — concealing information about allegations of sexual assault, racial discrimination and faculty misconduct — then it must accept that the community will assume the worst.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/02/17/city-must-fix-infrastructural-problems/
City must fix infrastructural problems
CITY ISSUES: There are many imminent problems threatened the city of Berkeley that we must be prepared for.
Insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.
In November, Berkeley succumbed to old, ineffective habits: It passed the measly Measure T1, which implemented a multiyear plan to fix infrastructural problems. But this time, it will cover only one-fifth of the projected cost — and that’s only if everything goes according to plan. It resembles Measure F passed in 2014 and Measure M passed in 2012, both meant to address the same issues.
Rather than solving the problems, however, these two measures allowed them to fester quietly under the guise of a proactive fix. Projected maintenance has progressed to the point that the cost of repairing Berkeley’s infrastructure likely exceeds $500 million.
As a last-ditch effort, Measure T1 permits the city to sell only $100 million worth of general obligation bonds — failing to take advantage of a time that many economists hail as an opportune moment to sell bonds.
To minimize disruption while facilities are being restored, infrastructural improvements covered under T1 will take place over 12 years, creating a slow burn that will require the city to once again neglect certain problems, allowing them to further deteriorate. By the time the city can get to those later issues, whatever amount of money is left will be even less sufficient to fix them. Notice a pattern yet?
This month, the city’s Aquatic Park flooded after several tide tubes responsible for draining rainwater failed, impacting multiple surrounding businesses. Although the problem had been known for years, it was not considered a priority for T1 funding.
Infrastructural problems do not dissipate with voters’ approval of an ambiguous measure, and without community input on the projects that most need funding, they will only worsen from here.
The city must consider all of its options to alleviate community concerns as soon as possible, whether that includes raising taxes, using emergency funds or applying for federal grants. There are too many problems and too little money, but the city’s answer must transcend kicking the can further down the road.
If the city cannot get more money, then at the very least, it should prioritize the right projects. This means placing improvements to the Berkeley Rose Garden, such as tennis courts — currently listed as a priority — on the backburner. Instead, the city should focus on retrofitting its buildings, including the six locations that are meant to serve as designated care and shelter sites but were declared unfit in the event of a disaster.
With storms, earthquakes and Donald Trump, there are many disasters Berkeley will have to weather in the immediate future. The city should not take half-measures to fix deep-rooted structural problems — let alone one-fifth of a measure.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/02/14/university-must-keep-police-reaction-peaceful/
University must keep police reaction peaceful
UNIVERSITY ISSUES: Police have learned from past examples how to deal with protests, but there is still room for improvement.
This time, the unusual suspects voiced their anger at police, as members of Berkeley College Republicans criticized UCPD for its reaction to the Milo Yiannopoulos protest that erupted on campus earlier this month — namely claiming that police had been too passive.
UCPD is well-weathered when it comes to protests. The department has blatantly mishandled several in the past, most notably Occupy Cal in 2011, when multiple protesters were violently struck with police batons. This time, however, UCPD waited for the crowd to disperse. And it worked.
Things could have gone downhill. The arrival of mutual-aid officers from nearby cities and counties alarmed many students and protesters.
While the presence of more officers might seem like a perfect solution for an administration attempting to disperse a growing crowd, the 2014 Black Lives Matter demonstrations in Berkeley illuminate how quickly a protest can escalate into violence once police overwhelm protesters in numbers and with weaponry.
Although UCPD supervised the assisting officers, the department had little to no control over what attire and equipment they wore. An officer’s attire and equipment have an effect on crowd control, a 2012 universitywide report found. The Robinson-Edley Report, commissioned in response to the police handling of Occupy Cal, states that if police wear riot gear or display weapons, they could create a combative environment and escalate a situation.
The report does not include a concrete framework on mutual-aid officers and whether they can directly engage with protesters on campus, as police worried a definitive policy could “hamstring” police and campus administrators. This gross oversight cannot stand.
While officers during the Yiannopoulos protest maintained restraint and avoided engaging with protesters where possible, the university must take necessary precautions for future protests. After all, Yiannopoulos has announced plans to return to campus. Any outside agency that might assist UCPD should collaborate in extensive pre-event planning that utilizes the precedent set by this month’s protest.
Rather than exclusively coordinating with outside police departments, however, UCPD should take advantage of campus resources and coordinate instead with medical staff and the Student Advocate’s Office, which provided the 2014 Black Lives Matter protesters with safety kits, transportation for arrested students and information about basic rights amid police interactions.
But we must give credit to UCPD for its overall cautious approach to the Yiannopoulos protest. Hopefully, other police departments, such as Berkeley Police Department, will follow UCPD’s lead. BPD has recently made strides in militarizing its police force by buying a van equipped with steel ballistic panels. Under previous police chief Michael Meehan’s tenure, furthermore, BPD was blamed for provoking protests in its attempts to control them.
The UC Berkeley administration has said in several statements after the Yiannopoulos protest that events on campus were unprecedented. Thanks to the protest, UCPD now has its precedent. And calm response to protests must continue as a trend.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/02/10/sports-must-take-backseat-political-social-issues/
Sports must take backseat to political, social issues
NATIONAL ISSUES: California state law that fights discrimination in other states on the basis of sexual orientation is a good first step
Anyone who considers themselves a sports fan has experienced getting lost in the commotion and excitement of a game. But every so often, an issue will pop up that reminds us of our reality, and the games and fanfare must take a backseat.
California Assembly Bill No. 1887, which took effect this year, prohibits state-funded travel to states with laws that discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation. Among other things, this law will prohibit UC and California State University athletic programs from scheduling games in Kansas, Mississippi, North Carolina and Tennessee. The Cal men’s basketball team has already cut off talks with the University of Kansas for a home-and-home series.
The state made the right call by instituting this law. Now, student-athletes are not pressured to take a political stance that could threaten their enrollment and scholarships. It also protects athletes who identify as LGBTQ+.
The world of basketball has taken, especially in recent years, socially progressive stances. Last season, the NBA moved the All-Star Game — a popularity contest guaranteed to draw millions of viewers — out of Charlotte, North Carolina, because the state had passed House Bill 2, or HB2, a law that permits discrimination against members of LGBTQ+ communities.
Similarly, the NCAA, the official governing body of college athletics, has threatened to remove all championship games — most notably March Madness — from North Carolina until 2022 unless the state repeals HB2.
These commitments against discrimination have already had a political influence. The current governor of North Carolina ran on a platform to repeal HB2, and Thursday, North Carolina state lawmakers filed legislation that could make his aims a reality.
Much of this change resulted from a united front of larger organizations, such as the NCAA and NBA, that condemned state laws. The NCAA therefore has a responsibility to step in — just as it did against North Carolina — to move games out of those other states that allow discrimination based on sexual orientation.
Although there are many prestigious college teams in those states, a game does not compare in importance to tackling deep social and political problems that divide our country. California’s law is a creative way for the state to ensure that its liberal values are heard throughout the country.
Sports has a storied history of bringing communities together to root under one banner. While there are people who complain in hopes of leaving politics out of sports, what they fail to recognize is that laws discriminating against certain communities are contradictory to the spirit of sports.
Politics and professional sports have intertwined many times to tackle social issues in the past. We are now feeling the intersection of politics and sports at the collegiate level, and we can no longer ignore the responsibility to fight discrimination of any form.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/02/07/campus-must-prioritize-affordable-housing-units/
Campus must prioritize affordable housing units
CAMPUS ISSUES: Campus should match its rate of increased enrollment with a similar increase in available housing.
With an increasing horde of students, UC Berkeley has laid out plans to build new housing units at nine locations. But the reality of the situation is that the administration is not yet prepared to face the next wave of students. We must start breaking ground, fast.
Currently, only about a quarter of undergraduate students are guaranteed housing, requiring those beyond freshman year to find their own living accommodations. This number is embarrassingly low — the lowest for any UC campus — and may continue to decline, as the UC Board of Regents plans to increase enrollment in coming years.
The campus must transcend its reactive approach to housing. It must match its increased rate of enrollment with a similar increase in housing availability. Otherwise, even incoming students will no longer receive a housing guarantee, let alone the students who seek affordable housing options.
Even though we commend the campus for its new, proactive plan, it will not help alleviate UC Berkeley’s housing crisis if the units are not affordable for a large percentage of students. Already, the campus has leased luxury residence halls that cost individuals more than $1,600 a month, a price few students find reasonable.
There is already a stark socioeconomic divide between the students who can afford Clark Kerr and Unit 3, for example. And plans to “densify” Unit 3 to add capacity, threatening a lower quality of living, could exacerbate such divides.
Garden Village, built by the development group Nautilus and leased to campus, illuminates an additional problem. At the beginning of this academic year, students moved into the Garden Village apartments while they were under construction. Although the campus may face financial constraints, it should not rely on outside contractors to build housing. They are not as accountable for meeting deadlines or taking into consideration the affordability of units.
The campus will soon offer a survey, giving students the opportunity to express what they desire in housing options. Considering the difficult decisions the campus must make in the near future, students should take this opportunity to amplify their voices. And with People’s Park labeled as an area for eventual campus housing development, students should remain informed.
UC Berkeley and this very newspaper have a long history with People’s Park, one of the most famous landmarks in our city. But students of a future generation will have to decide at what point we must pave over history to meet present demands.
As the campus moves forward with its housing plans, it must remember whom it intends to serve. The campus must not further disadvantage its own students by building more luxury apartments — Berkeley already has enough of those, thank you very much — and neglecting the living conditions of its lower-income students.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/02/03/protest-shows-presence-free-speech-campus/
Protest shows presence of free speech on campus
CAMPUS ISSUES: Students found a way to make the best of a losing situation by gathering on Sproul Plaza
Hours after the cancellation of an event where Breitbart technology editor Milo Yiannopoulos planned to target undocumented students at UC Berkeley, community members gathered to clean up shattered remains of the night’s chaos — largely the work of outside anarchist groups.
Yiannopoulos, per usual, played the victim. After he fled protesters to the safe space of his hotel, he ranted on Facebook Live and whined to Tucker Carlson on Fox News. He and members of the Berkeley College Republicans mourned the “death of free speech.”
What they fail to realize, however, is that freedom of speech is not a pick-and-choose endeavor. The protest was a grand display of the same freedom of speech Yiannopoulos uses to justify his incendiary, useless harassment.
It wasn’t the way we had hoped the night would unravel. His opponents could have defeated him without sabotaging the protest and blemishing rational liberal resistance. But one way or another, his supporters would have twisted the narrative to fit their agenda.
Yiannopoulos said the protest was proof that liberals fear conservative ideas, but he was never going to accomplish ideological conversion with derogatory rhetoric. If his past speaking engagements are any indication, he was planning to hand out the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement hotline number to audience members and encourage them to report fellow students whom they suspected of undocumented status.
The campus administration faced a lose-lose situation. Had they canceled the event, they would have neglected UC Berkeley’s commitment to free speech. But by reaffirming Yiannopoulos’ right to speak, they invited chaos. They should have seen this coming — there’s no way Berkeley would let itself be one-upped by UC Davis.
There were still steps the administration could have taken, however, to avoid the violence. It could have scheduled the event for earlier in the day, for instance, when anarchists could not shroud themselves in darkness.
At the end of the day, Yiannopoulos and his repulsive demeanor never belonged here. He isn’t a productive member of society, and he certainly doesn’t reflect the type of respectful and educated discourse UC Berkeley promotes.
But students found a way to make the best of a losing situation. They gathered in droves on Sproul Plaza. They played YG and Rihanna. Trumpets blared. Although harmful outside groups co-opted the media narrative, the majority remained peaceful. At the end of the night, campus police made only one arrest, and the individual was not associated with our campus.
BCR had advertised the event as an opportunity for the campus to learn more about Yiannopoulos and what he stood for. But this was a teaching moment for Yiannopoulos as well. Had he paid any attention, he would have seen that free speech at UC Berkeley is still very much alive.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.
Clarification(s):A previous version of this editorial may have implied that the campus administration invited Milo Yiannopoulos to speak on campus. In fact, the Berkeley College Republicans invited Yiannopoulos to campus.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/01/31/trump-executive-orders-require-vigilant-guardians-democracy/
Trump executive orders require all to be vigilant guardians of democracy
NATIONAL ISSUES: Widespread activism is required to defend the country's legacy as a home for displaced peoples.
Against an authoritarian administration that blurs the lines of constitutionality and throws checks and balances out the window, we must protect the country’s legacy as a home for displaced peoples.
Trump’s inhumane Muslim ban — he refuses to call it by that name, but that is what the executive order boils down to — has threatened refugees, professionals who have worked in this country for years and, at UC Berkeley, our very own peers. Not even two weeks into his presidency, Trump has already placed legal residents of this country in uncertain positions. Already, students have to rethink their academic future. Already, people who make valuable contributions to our country are put at a disadvantage.
We all likely know someone affected by this ban.
As a world-renowned university with many international students, the UC system could directly fight against Trump’s proposals. But considering Trump’s plans to pull federal funding from sanctuary cities, which voted against him, Trump has shown that he is not above excessive retaliation against his opponents.
Trump, though unhinged, has shown a propensity to deliver on his amoral promises. There is a conceivable risk that speaking out against his policies could make the University of California a target for a federal funding cut. There are ways besides a blatant disavowal of Trump, however, that the university can still provide services to students imperiled by his executive order.
Beyond recommending these students to defer international travel, the university needs to provide them with a long-term housing plan. Assuming it lasts into the summer, when students have to move out of their residence halls — or perhaps longer — students will need a place to stay if they cannot return home.
The university can only do so much to protect its students. Former president Barack Obama’s call to be “anxious, jealous guardians of democracy” means stepping out of a bubble of complacency and urging state representatives to support bills such as the one Sen. Dianne Feinstein is drafting. If passed, the bill Feinstein introduced Monday would effectively rescind Trump’s executive order.
The Muslim ban has already been contested heavily through massive airport protests. The state is suing Trump, and the American Civil Liberties Union has fought successfully against detainment. To effect change, you can donate to such organizations, including Detention Watch Network, United We Dream and National Network of Arab American Communities, among others, which provide services to refugees and people seeking permanent residence in the United States.
In the meantime, we are students, and we must properly take care of ourselves and the people around us. The campus Muslim Student Association has organized an afternoon prayer — a chance to gather in support of one another.
The widespread activism has proved that Trump’s executive orders will not slip past the electorate without a fight. It goes beyond resistance — it’s part of the duty of civic engagement.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/01/27/berkeley-must-continue-fight-trump/
Berkeley must continue fight against Trump’s xenophobic actions
CITY ISSUES: In the face of President Donald Trump's executive orders, the city must affirm its values and protect undocumented residents.
At 1951 Coffee, people whom our new president has labeled dangerous Trojan horses “who are definitely, in many cases, ISIS-aligned” serve coffee like any other baristas. The refugee-centric business embodies Berkeley at its best.
But with his executive order Wednesday to cut federal funding for sanctuary cities, President Donald Trump has fired the first shot in his war against liberal America. He has made his rhetoric into a reality, placing millions of people in danger.
Sanctuary cities such as Berkeley are not required to assist federal agents in enforcing immigration laws. City policy further states that officials cannot share any information Berkeley has obtained about the status of its undocumented residents. Berkeley’s status as a sanctuary city allows undocumented immigrants and refugees to work and live here without constant fear of deportation.
With his vague executive order, Trump aims to defile Berkeley’s unique history. His mandate is misguided and misinformed — not unexpected from his administration — but it imposes a real threat: “Cities that refuse to cooperate with federal authorities will not receive taxpayer dollars.” Berkeley would risk losing $11.5 million in federal funding.
Berkeley could lose money to support homeless shelters, strengthen homes against earthquakes and build senior housing. Displaying a complete lack of empathy, Trump is endangering the human lives attached to these programs to coerce cities to comply with his administration.
Our city is not alone in this fight. Of the nation’s other imperiled sanctuary cities, New York stands to lose $701.6 million, Chicago $526.4 million, Los Angeles $466.2 million and Washington D.C. $20.4 million. An unsurprising pattern has emerged: all happen to be liberal havens. All happen to have overwhelmingly voted against a Trump presidency.
We must not succumb to his bullying. We must stare this unconstitutional abuse of power in the eye as we stand by the undocumented community. The 10th Amendment gives local jurisdictions the right not to enforce federal mandates. But under Trump, reality seems momentarily suspended. The city had better start looking for alternative sources of funding should Trump get away with his unhinged plans.
On the day Trump announced his anti-immigrant executive order, Berkeley Unified School District wasted no time in sending out an email promising to protect “the right of every student to attend public school, regardless of immigration status of the student or of the student’s family members.”
But further action is necessary. City officials should start developing solid frameworks to keep federally funded programs alive. And following in the footsteps of other cities’ police departments, Berkeley Police Department — one of the only local entities with protected funding under Trump’s proposal — should explicitly affirm it will not push anti-immigration law enforcement.
Our future does not look promising. We will have to make sacrifices. But the long-term consequences will be even more severe if we do not resist.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/01/24/city-berkeley-not-disperse-encampments/
City of Berkeley should not disperse encampments
CITY ISSUES: With no viable alternatives, Berkeley should allow homeless to keep their encampments, especially during cold winters
Whether the city of Berkeley likes it or not, homeless encampments save lives.
By repeatedly dispersing those encampments because of public complaints, the city has failed to value the demands and the lives of the homeless.
Several homeless people have already died this winter from exposure to the rain and cold. Their only reprieves are the sparse emergency shelters the city has opened, but they provide only temporary housing and far too little space. Even then, the solutions are myopic. Unlike last winter, the homeless lack encampments like Liberty City, which provided the homeless with a self-sufficient community that avoided exposure-related casualties.
In this past year, Berkeley Police Department has continued a tiresome and expensive exercise of disbanding homeless encampments every time a new one emerges, citing municipal codes as well as health and safety regulations. They have also cited drug use to justify dispersal orders, further criminalizing mental illnesses such as drug addiction.
While encampments may be illegal, the city makes them so and can break from this detrimental tradition. Several U.S. cities, such as Seattle and West Oakland, have successfully experimented with sanctioned encampments. All Berkeley has to do is negotiate a plot of land where the homeless can safely reside.
Encampments near facilities where they can receive treatment and medication would provide the homeless with a more consistent location, allowing for greater accessibility of services such as soup kitchens and shower trucks. Additionally, Berkeley could adopt a navigation center, similar to the one in San Francisco, near encampments that provides the homeless with information about the nearest available resources such as beds.
When Mayor Jesse Arreguin ran for office, he promoted a platform of solving Berkeley’s homelessness crisis. Where is that vigor now? Progress shouldn’t halt once votes stop rolling in. Arreguin should work alongside officials in Berkeley and neighboring cities to bolster services and heed the homeless community’s most basic demands.
And if the city is not sold on the idea of a permanent encampment, one can still serve as a temporary measure while Berkeley facilitates long-term solutions.
Homeless activists need more support, not more vigils, and have long advocated a permanent encampment. It is not unreasonable or unprecedented in other cities, and it is time Berkeley listened.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/01/24/womens-march-not-encompass-many-groups/
Women’s March did not encompass many groups
NATIONAL ISSUE: Activists should make an effort not to marginalize non-cisgender communities of color
A movement draws power from its numbers, but it should not pursue numbers at the cost of marginalizing its own intended participants.
On Saturday, millions joined the Women’s March — an impressive worldwide effort after Donald Trump was inaugurated — carrying the banner of “unity” under an administration that has ostracized millions of people. For some, the march was a photo opportunity, a moment to enhance an Instagram aesthetic. For many others who are in greater danger under the new administration, however, the march called attention to life-or-death matters.
There is no one “united front” for women’s issues. The experiences and needs of a cisgender white woman, for example, on many planes differ from those of a woman of color or a trans woman. And when a protest tries to march under a banner that encompasses all of them, the privileged voices often overshadow the marginalized — on social media, in newspapers and among the marchers.
What “unity” really meant was a homogenization of the movement. The narrative of the San Francisco march, though it saw glimpses of intersectionality — members of the Islamic Network Group, refugees and non-native speakers all spoke about their experiences — was mostly dominated by white female voices. In cities such as Portland, the march ignored questions of race until the NAACP of Portland retracted its endorsement of the event.
While the movement was a vital mass mobilization against Trump’s anti-women platforms, the marches fell into a historical pattern that propels white, cisgender individuals to the front of the crowd in an attempt to accumulate widespread appeal. We’ve seen this at the Women’s Suffrage Parade and Stonewall. And on Saturday, we saw this with slogans that referenced female genitalia — such as “Pussy Grabs Back” — that could be sensitive among noncisgender individuals.
While many considered the marches a success because of their nationwide turnout, the movement also brings into question where the majority of its attendants were in the heat of other important social movements, such as the Black Lives Matter and #NoDAPL protests.
The narrative of the Women’s March was, from its very inception, limited to conventionally palatable topics that allow privileged groups to at once occupy spaces for protest in the name of progressive unity and escape accountability for their marked absence during protests coordinated and populated by Black and Brown activists.
Movements such as the Women’s March are important in light of Trump’s inauguration and his rhetoric toward women and people of color. But that does not make such movements above constant criticism. Protesters should be mindful that they do not leave behind other groups as they progress their own agenda. They should be conscious of making these movements as accessible as possible to empower a wide variety of voices.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/01/20/tuition-hike-option-state-divestment/
UC tuition hike only option amid state divestment
UNIVERSITY ISSUES: Freeze in tuition for the past six years was never viable solution for University
After six years of living in a frozen paradise, UC students once again face the possibility of increased tuition. And this time, it’s not only reasonable — it’s necessary, for all the wrong reasons.
The UC Board of Regents has proposed a $282 tuition increase that would go into effect in the next academic year. The hike would affect most nonresidents and roughly one-third of residents, leaving the two-thirds of in-state students who can least afford it unscathed.
While it may be tempting to blame the UC system for disregarding students’ financial concerns, a quick alternative fix does not exist.
The state has failed to provide adequate funding for the university, leaving two options, both of which would lead to backlash. It can either increase enrollment — to the benefit of nonresidents, who pay more in tuition and fees — or it can increase tuition systemwide.
At UC Berkeley, we have seen the detrimental impacts of increased enrollment: overcrowded classrooms, housing insecurity and overstrained campus infrastructure.
In the meantime, the small tuition hike can alleviate these problems and give the university more money to improve services.
While many universities increase their tuition every year to accommodate for inflation, the University of California has not increased tuition since 2011. If it had, tuition at UC Berkeley would have risen a total of $747.58 since 2011.
Still, the state continues to pressure the UC system to further increase enrollment. In 2015, the state and the regents discussed a plan wherein the university would increase its enrollment by 10,000 students over the next three years in exchange for $25 million in state funding.
A two-year freeze proposed by Gov. Jerry Brown in 2015, while surely popular among in-state students, was never a viable or fair solution for the university.
Worse yet, someone had to make up for the revenue loss: While in-state tuition has stagnated, nonresidents have paid a 5.4 percent yearly increase in their supplemental tuition since 2015. Meanwhile, a 2016 state audit found that increasing nonresident enrollment has disadvantaged resident students.
Faced with the continual threat of state divestment, the university has recognized that, judging from past systemwide protests, students would call out an unreasonable tuition increase. The $282 hike merely asks in-state students to pay a share of the burden that their nonresident peers had, until now, shouldered alone.
We have not seen the end of tuition increases and should expect more after this is approved. As students, we must never grow complacent with rising costs of tuition, no matter how small. Our dollars may hold off the university’s financial collapse for the time being, but the system, the state and the taxpayers must be held accountable for divestment from public higher education.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.



http://www.dailycal.org/2017/01/17/campus-group-must-not-normalize-hate-speech/
Berkeley College Republicans must not normalize hate speech
CAMPUS ISSUES: Inviting Milo Yiannopoulos to speak on campus will not bridge political gap, educate students
The Berkeley College Republicans have created an appealing narrative: A small but vocal minority stands up to oppression from fellow students, the campus and hostile liberal strangers to defend open discourse and freedom of speech.
Except it is not true.
Milo Yiannopoulos, an editor for the far-right news website Breitbart, is a repulsive agitator, and inviting him to speak at UC Berkeley normalizes his brand of alt-right hate speech. While the First Amendment protects him, he intentionally baits marginalized voices so that he can bully them and exploit the angry backlash in front of his fans.
In inviting him, BCR demonstrates it is not a club dedicated to the preservation of free speech and open dialogue on campus. This is a club hiding behind the right of free speech as an excuse to legitimize — and even laugh at — hate speech and shirk responsibility for any resulting damage.
Pieter Sittler, the internal vice president of BCR, told The Daily Californian’s Editorial Board he was not familiar with Yiannopoulos’ comments at other campuses. Still, he believes Yiannopoulos can widen students’ viewpoints and offer an often-elusive conservative perspective to the campus community. Sittler said he was unfamiliar with an incident at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee in which Yiannopoulos harassed a transgender student in front of an entire audience.
If BCR wants Yiannopoulos to speak, the club should, at the very least, be able to specify what it is about him it finds meaningful and offer thoughtful responses to the criticism against him. Otherwise, BCR will not burst the liberal bubble it so condemns on this campus. It will only promote hatred and bigotry, which do nothing to advance conservative ideals in an increasingly divisive political climate.
Perhaps most hypocritically, Sittler said BCR invited Yiannopoulos to the campus to create a dialogue. Yet when asked about the concerns people have raised with this particular speaker, he evaded them and said those people should “grow up.”
BCR is unaware of or unwilling to publicly back Yiannopoulos’ comments but will allow them to happen here, much like they did in Milwaukee. The club has taken no responsibility to learn about the speaker it invited, but Sittler calls Yiannopoulos “hilarious” and “entertaining” as he harasses his way to headlines.
With the forthcoming inauguration of Donald Trump, UC Berkeley students will look to BCR for an indication of what to expect for the next four years. So when the speaker BCR has chosen to ring in the new era inevitably targets students — his past speaking engagements indicate he will — BCR cannot feign ignorance.
As an intellectual haven in the midst of a contentious Trump presidency, UC Berkeley deserves a better representative of conservative thought than a divisive troll. Unfortunately, BCR has taken the bait.
Editorials represent the majority opinion of the Editorial Board as written by the opinion editor.
