http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/12/04/fbi-agent-fired-from-russia-probe-oversaw-flynn-interviews-softened-comey-language-on-clinton-email-actions.html
FBI agent fired from Russia probe oversaw Flynn interviews, softened Comey language on Clinton email actions
The FBI agent who was removed from Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia — because he sent anti-Trump messages to a colleague — oversaw the bureau’s interviews with ousted National Security Advisor Michael Flynn, Fox News confirmed on Monday.
Peter Strzok, a former deputy to the assistant director for counterintelligence at the FBI, also was confirmed to have changed former FBI Director James Comey’s early draft language about Hillary Clinton’s actions regarding her private email server from “grossly negligent” to “extremely careless.”
The language being edited was important because classified material that’s been mishandled for “gross negligence” calls for criminal consequences, analysts point out.
Flynn pleaded guilty Friday to lying to the FBI about reaching out to Russian officials. Prosecutors said Flynn in December 2016 asked Russia's ambassador to the U.S., Sergei Kislyak, not to escalate the situation after the outgoing Obama administration imposed sanctions on Russia in retaliation for suspected election interference.
Flynn left the White House in February after acknowledging that he had given an incomplete account to Vice President Mike Pence about his contacts regarding Russia. 
The wording change came to light last month after newly reported memos to Congress showed that a May 2016 draft of Comey’s statement closing out the email investigation accused the former secretary of state of being “grossly negligent.” A June 2016 draft stated Clinton had been “extremely careless.”
The modified language was final when Comey announced in July 2016 that Clinton wouldn’t face any charges in the email investigation.
Strzok is being reviewed by the Justice Department’s Office of Inspector General for the role he played in the Clinton email investigation.
A source close to the matter told Fox News that the probe, which will examine Strzok's roles in a number of other politically sensitive cases, should be completed by "very early next year."



http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/12/04/supreme-court-permits-full-enforcement-trump-travel-ban.html
Supreme Court permits full enforcement of Trump travel ban
Handing the White House a huge judicial victory, the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday ruled in favor of President Trump’s travel ban affecting residents of six majority-Muslim countries.
The justices said the policy can take full effect despite multiple legal challenges against it that haven’t yet made their way through the legal system.
The ban applies to people from Syria, Chad, Iran, Libya, Somalia and Yemen.
Lower courts had said people from those countries with a "bona fide" relationship with someone in the United States could not be prevented from entry.
Grandparents and cousins were among the relatives courts said could not be excluded.
The nine-member high court said in two one-page orders late Monday afternoon that lower court rulings that partly blocked the ban should be put on hold while appeals courts in Richmond, Va., and San Francisco take up the case.
Liberal-leaning Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor said they would have left the lower court orders in place.
The justices offered no explanation for their order, but the administration had said that blocking the full ban was causing "irreparable harm" because the policy is based on legitimate national security and foreign policy concerns.
Both courts are scheduled to hear arguments in those cases this week.
Both courts are also dealing with the issue on an accelerated basis, and the Supreme Court noted it expects those courts to reach decisions "with appropriate dispatch."
Quick resolution by appellate courts would allow the Supreme Court to hear and decide the issue this term, by the end of June.
White House Deputy Press Secretary Hogan Gidley called the ban “lawful and essential to protecting our homeland.”
Gidley added in a written statement, “We look forward to presenting a fuller defense of the proclamation as the pending cases work their way through the courts.”
“We are pleased that the Supreme Court has agreed to allow us to fulfill this most vital mission performed by any sovereign nation.  DHS will continue to fully implement the President’s robust and Constitutional counterterrorism agenda in accordance with the law,” the Department of Homeland Security's acting press secretary, Tyler Q. Houlton, said.
Trump’s travel ban has been challenged in separate lawsuits by Hawaii and the American Civil Liberties Union. Both have argued the ban discriminates against Muslims and should not go into effect under immigration laws.
"President Trump’s anti-Muslim prejudice is no secret — he has repeatedly confirmed it, including just last week on Twitter," Omar Jadwat, director of the ACLU's Immigrants' Rights Project, said in a statement. "It's unfortunate that the full ban can move forward for now, but this order does not address the merits of our claims. We continue to stand for freedom, equality, and for those who are unfairly being separated from their loved ones. We will be arguing Friday in the Fourth Circuit that the ban should ultimately be struck down."
Trump issued his first travel ban within days of being sworn in as president. That version tightened the country’s refugee and visa policies and suspended almost all refugee admissions for four months.
Trump issued a revised version in March after the first was blocked by federal courts. The second one expired in September after a lengthy court fight and was replaced with the current version.



http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/12/04/texas-cop-shot-dead-in-line-duty-while-serving-warrant.html
Texas cop shot dead in line of duty while serving warrant
A police officer in San Marcos, Texas, was shot and killed Monday afternoon when he was serving a warrant, police said. 
Officer Ken Copeland, a veteran of the San Marcos Police Department since March 1998, was serving a warrant in the El Camino Real subdivison of the city when he was fatally shot, Police Chief Chase Stapp confirmed during a press conference Monday night.
Copeland — who was wearing a protective vest — and other officers were shot at by the suspect, "much like in an ambush type of situation."
He was taken to the Central Texas Medical Center immediately and was later pronouced dead at 3:50 p.m. local time, according to a press release from the city of San Marcos.
The shooting happened near Bowie Elementary School, Fox 7 reported. 
A suspect is in custody after he surrendered to law enforcement following a shootout. The suspect was shot during the incident and was transported to a hospital in Austin, police said. It's unclear if the suspect was injured from a self-inflicted wound or if he was injured from police gunfire.
"Ken's a hero. Everybody here loved him," Stapp said, noting that Copeland's photo is hung throughout the police department.
Copeland was shot while working his day off, the police chief added. "He worked just about every day off to provide for his kids."
Stapp said that Copeland is the first officer from the San Marcos force to be killed in the line of duty.
Texas Gov. Gregg Abbott tweeted the news, and said: "We pray for the family of the San Marcos police officer killed in the line of duty. We remember the sacrifices our men and women in law enforcement make every day. #BackTheBlue."
In a separate statement, the governor said, "Today we grieve for the family of the fallen San Marcos police officer, and we vow swift justice for the killer. The men and women in law enforcement put their lives on the line every day to protect and to serve our communities, and we will never forget their sacrifices."
He added: "Cecilia and I extend our heartfelt condolences to the officer’s family and to the entire San Marcos Police Department."
Attorney General Ken Paxton said in a statement that he's "deeply troubled and saddened" at the officer's death, and added: "Officers around our state courageously serve and deserve our utmost honor and respect, especially during this time. Please join Angela and me as we pray for the officer's family, the people of San Marcos, and for our law enforcement officers around the state."



http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2017/12/04/joy-behar-forced-to-walk-back-her-excitement-over-false-brian-ross-report-on-view.html
Joy Behar forced to walk back her excitement over false Brian Ross report on 'The View'
“The View” host Joy Behar had to eat some crow on Monday after celebrating a story on air that turned out to be inaccurate.
On Friday’s broadcast, the longtime host, 75, was handed a card with breaking news. She read from ABC News' exclusive “report” from Brian Ross that stated: “Michael Flynn promised full cooperation to the Mueller team and is prepared to testify that, as a candidate, Donald Trump directed him to make contact with the Russians.”
Hours later, ABC News was forced to correct that report from Ross, noting that the alleged directive came after Donald Trump had already been elected president, not when he was a candidate. Because of the error, ABC News suspended Ross for four weeks without pay.
Behar read the false report on air, prompting her audience to break into uproarious applause, which co-host Meghan McCain compared to Oprah’s now famous car giveaway. On Monday, Behar tried to make light of the error.
“On Friday’s show, apparently I was guilty of premature evaluation. I hear they have a pill for that,” she said.
In a statement read on “The View” Monday, ABC News said the report “had not been fully vetted through our editorial standards process.”
“It is vital we get the story right and retain the trust we have built with our audience,” the statement continued. “These are our core principles. We fell far short of that yesterday.”
“People are slamming this as fake news, I think it’s a mistake,” Behar said, throwing the topic to the panel.
“I will say that fake news and what we did on Friday, that’s what I was being accused of being a part of. I don’t want to sit on a show where I feel like we’re giving fake news or acting irresponsibly.” McCain said.
However, the panel, which included Behar, McCain, Sara Haines, Ana Navarro and Sunny Hostin, seemed to unanimously agree that Ross’ suspension was warranted, but called it an error instead of deliberate, misleading fake news.
“He clearly made a mistake, he’s paying the consequences for that mistake, and I think it’s a good standard,” Navarro said. “Now, it’s the same standard I’d like to hold the president of the United States to.”



http://www.foxnews.com/sports/2017/12/04/gronkowski-suspended-for-body-slam-during-bills-game.html
Gronkowski suspended for body-slam during Bills game
Rob Gronkowski, the New England Patriots tight end, was suspended for one game on Monday following a late hit to the head of a Buffalo Bills player during a game on Sunday.
Tre-Davious White was face down on the sideline following an intercepted pass when Gronkowski body-slammed him, driving his forearm into the player’s back and head.
White was dazed as he got up and crews immediately rushed him to the locker room to be evaluated for a concussion. The hit sparked a shoving match between Bills safety Micah Hyde and Patriots receiver Danny Amendola. Gronkowski was called for unnecessary roughness but the call was voided due to retaliation from the Bills.
“Your actions were not incidental, could have been avoided and placed the opposing player at risk of serious injury,” NFL Vice President of Football Operations Jon Runyan wrote in a letter to Gronkowski announcing the suspension. “The Competition Committee has clearly expressed its goal of 'eliminating flagrant hits that have no place in our game.' Those hits include the play you were involved in yesterday.”
Now, Gronkowski will be forced to sit out of New England’s game against Miami next week.
After the game, which New England won 23-3, Patriots coach Bill Belichick appeared to apologize to Bills counterpart Sean McDermott. Gronkowski also apologized, saying he let his frustration get the better of him.
“I’m not in the business of that,” Gronkowski said after the game, according to USA Today. ”There was a lot of frustration, and I was just really frustrated at that moment. It just happened naturally through emotions, frustration. Just want to apologize to Tre’Davious White. I don’t really believe in the type of shots like that.”
Gronkowski told USA Today that he was frustrated over what he believes was a missed opportunity to call White for a holding penalty.



http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/12/04/married-mother-two-teacher-29-pleads-not-guilty-charges-classroom-sex-with-her-teen-boy-student.html
Married mother-of-two teacher, 29, pleads not guilty to charges of 'classroom sex' with her teen boy student
A married high school teacher in Maine pleaded not guilty Monday to sex charges after she was accused of sleeping with a 17-year-old student.
Jill Lamontagne, 29, of Kennebunk, pleaded not guilty to 14 charges, including six counts of gross sexual assault, two counts of unlawful sexual contact and six counts of sexual abuse of a minor, according to The Portland Press Herald.
Lamontagne was indicted in October and turned herself into authorities. The teacher allegedly had a relationship with a male student who was in her health class at Kennebunk High School at the time of their sexual contact.
“Mrs. Lamontagne categorically denies the charges,” Lamontagne’s lawyer, Scott Gardner, said following the indictment, Seacoast Online reported. “These allegations arise from a high school rumor which consisted of the fantasies of an emotionally troubled senior at Kennebunk High School. None of this is true.”
The alleged relationship between Lamontagne and the student was revealed when the student was hospitalized following a suspected suicide attempt.
The student reportedly ingested a concoction of ibuprofen, Tylenol, cold medicine and blood thinner Warfarin.
The boy confessed to the relationship to his aunt a day after his hospitalization. The student and his teacher had sexual contact “numerous times, in the classroom, at her house, in her car,” the student’s mother wrote. The student said Lamontagne performed oral sex on him, adding that “other stuff happened.”
The student reportedly told his mother and a nurse at the hospital that he loved Lamontagne and took the mixture of medicines to attempt suicide.
The teacher was placed on administrative leave in June and later resigned in September.
According to the Press Herald, it’s a class-C felony under state law for teachers or adults to have sexual contact with someone they have supervisory authority over.
Class-C crimes reportedly carry a maximum prison sentence of five years and/or a $5,000 fine.
Lamontagne is scheduled to appear in court on March 8 for a dispositional conference.



http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/12/04/mitt-romney-roy-moore-get-into-twitter-spat-over-sexual-misconduct-allegations.html
Mitt Romney, Roy Moore get into Twitter spat over sexual misconduct allegations
Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore got into a back-and-forth Twitter argument with former Massachusetts governor and GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney on Monday, just as new details surrounding Moore’s alleged sexual misconduct with minors surfaced.
“Roy Moore in the US Senate would be a stain on the GOP and on the nation,” Romney tweeted. “Leigh Corfman and other victims are courageous heroes. No vote, no majority is worth losing our honor, our integrity.”
Corfman and multiple other women have accused Moore of initiating sexual contact with them in the late 1970s and early 1980s, when he was an assistant district attorney in his early 30s.
Corfman told The Washington Post that Moore had sexual contact with her when she was just 14. The age of consent in Alabama is 16.
Moore has labeled the allegations “simply dirty politics.”
Less than an hour after Romney’s tweet, Moore wrote back.
“Either @MittRomney has lost his courage or he doesn’t care about truth anymore,” Moore tweeted. “Sad day! America’s reawakening was led by @realDonaldTrump, not you Mitt. #DefeatTheElite #DrainTheSwamp.”
Earlier Monday, Debbie Wesson Gibson, who claimed she had a relationship with Moore when she was 17 and he was 34 years old, told The Washington Post that she had discovered a card in her attic that Moore gave her for her high school graduation.
President Donald Trump has argued that Moore is a better option in the Senate race than Democrat Doug Jones. “Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama,” the president said on Twitter. “We need his vote on stopping crime, illegal immigration, Border Wall, Military, Pro Life, V.A., Judges 2nd Amendment and more. No to Jones, a Pelosi/Schumer Puppet!”



http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2017/12/04/national-park-lovers-should-applaud-trumps-monument-decision.html
National Park lovers should applaud Trump's monument decision
President Trump’s decision to reduce the size of the Bears Ears and Staircase-Escalante National Monuments in Utah, announced Monday on his visit to the state, is a good one and an example of his policies that will benefit every American who enjoys national parks and monuments.
We should all thank the president for his administration’s efforts to look at the facts, listen to the people, and act to roll back restrictive and unnecessary national monument designations that provide few advantages to the American people.
While such designations may sound good on the surface, in reality they have strained land management budgets and limited public access to beautiful places.
The Trump administration has been on the ground listening to those who bear the burden of these decisions – unlike the Clinton and Obama administrations, which showed little interest in talking to local people before locking up millions of acres of land around them.
The Trump administration has seen firsthand what I saw when I represented some of these areas in Congress – that the consequences of locking down the West have been severe.
I applaud the president for having the courtesy to do what his predecessors never did – visiting Utah personally to deliver the news that will positively impact those who love and care for these lands. His attention is a far cry from President Clinton making his Grand Staircase-Escalante Monument announcement from another state and President Obama issuing a press release with the wrong photo of Bears Ears.
The notion that our only option for managing public land is a restrictive monument designation is false. In truth, we can build bathrooms and fire pits, and accommodate hunting, fishing, grazing, and permit accessibility without destroying the land. In places where restrictive conservation rules are less justified, we can even authorize responsible resource extraction.
Each time the federal government levies new land designations, that new designation and management plan competes with existing parks and monuments for funding.
The National Park Service suffers from a $12 billion maintenance backlog – meaning crumbling buildings, roads, and bridges cannot be repaired or replaced. Overly expansive monument designations – like the two multimillion-acre monuments in Utah – could have been spent on existing park treasures.
In the case of Bears Ears National Monument, all of that land was already federal land mostly managed for conservation use. With President Obama’s monument designation, the maintenance fell to the already-strapped National Park Service. Many of these lands were once managed successfully by other agencies – like the Bureau of Land Management and U.S. Forest Service – and can be again.
But freeing up more money for national parks isn’t the only advantage of Monday’s decision. Access to these places will be expanded, not restricted, as required in large-scale national monuments.
By lifting restrictions on motorized access, President Trump makes these lands available to more than just the able-bodied. With expanded access, the elderly, disabled and even wounded veterans can utilize bikes or off-highway vehicles to access spectacular places.
Furthermore, those who wish to use the land for other purposes – such as hunting, fishing, camping, and outdoor recreation – will now also have access.
For Utah Native Americans, this improved access is important. For centuries, they have used the land around the Bears Ears National Monument to hunt, gather, and worship. Many would come on foot while others would utilize off-highway vehicles to collect firewood, gather medicinal herbs or meet in specific locations for religious ceremonies.
The federal government could preclude these uses under a restrictive monument designation – as it has in Arizona’s Canyon de Chelly, Wupatki and even Utah's Natural Bridges.  
Monument designations – particularly the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument – have been routinely abused in an effort to lock down resource-rich areas that do not meet objective criteria for preservation.
By unlocking these otherwise unremarkable areas, President Trump enables high-paying resource extraction jobs to return to rural communities – a process that not only helps local economic development, but reduces U.S. dependence on foreign imports.
Protecting our most beautiful places is important. But we don’t have to lock people out to do it. We don’t have to put further strain on federal land management budgets. We certainly don’t need to decimate rural economies. President Trump has done the right thing. All of us will be the beneficiaries of this decision.



http://www.foxnews.com/world/2017/12/04/iraqi-kurds-still-love-us-despite-its-opposition-to-kurdish-independence-says-kurdish-leader.html
Iraqi Kurds still love US despite its opposition to Kurdish independence, says Kurdish leader
ERBIL, Iraq –  U.S. opposition to an independence referendum by Iraqi Kurds will not break a long-standing alliance between the stateless community and the United States, the Kurdish prime minister says.
While Washington opposed the September 2017 referendum for independence, Kurdish Prime Minister Nechiravan Barzani insisted that the people of Kurdistan still see America as their No. 1 partner and have hope the U.S. will come to endorse their ongoing dream of independence.
“There was disappointment among the Kurdish people; the people of Kurdistan have had high expectations from the United States and they believe that the values the U.S. cherishes, we also cherish,” Barzani told Fox News in an exclusive interview last week in his office.
“But the people of Kurdistan, they still love the United States,” he said. “Kurds consider themselves a friend and partner to the United States. We want this to continue long term.”
The U.S., joined by most of the international community, backed the Baghdad Central Government in opposing the referendum over fears the push toward independence would have potentially “catastrophic consequences” on the fight against ISIS and on the region as a whole, given that neighbors Iran and Turkey worry that their own significant Kurdish populations would attempt to carve out land for themselves.
Barzani noted that his people’s disappointment stemmed not only from the U.S. policy to oppose their freedom quest, but what happened next.
After the Kurds refused Baghdad’s insistence that the vote be canceled as unconstitutional and an antagonizing act aimed at weakening the Iraqi government, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi ordered the army to retake “disputed territories” -- which the Kurdish Peshmerga had been guarding since the ISIS invasion. Iran-backed fighters known as the Popular Mobilization Units assisted the effort.
Most notably, violent tensions arose around the strategic oil-rich city of Kirkuk. Several casualties were reported on both the Peshmerga and Iraqi sides as a result of the Oct. 16 clashes, which ended when the Peshmerga withdrew.
“Over 1,846 Peshmerga soldiers have sacrificed their lives and more than 10,000 were wounded fighting ISIS,” Barzani said. “ISIS was a threat not only to Kurdistan, but to Europe, the U.S., to humanity. Therefore, the Kurdish people were expecting that when a threat comes in, the U.S. would stand by them. They were not expecting that American tanks given to the Iraq government would be used against them by the Popular Mobilization Units.”
Iraqi officials have denied that the Iranian-backed forces have possession over any U.S.-issued tanks or weaponry or that they were used against the Kurds.
Barzani also contended that it was never his government’s intention to “control” or grab Kirkuk or the disputed territories from the Iraqi government. He said the Peshmerga forces went there in 2014 as the ISIS threat loomed at the behest of Abadi’s predecessor, Nouri al-Malaki.
“The fact is neither Baghdad nor Erbil had full control over these areas,” Barzani said, stressing that the issues should have been “addressed in accordance with the constitution” and not by military pressure.
The prime minister said Iraq’s military action in response to the referendum, which included shutting down the region’s two international airports, was never anticipated.
“What we saw was a very peaceful experience of people to express their right to self-determination by putting their finger in the ink and voting, while the reaction from Baghdad was to use force,” Barzani said. “We have made it clear we want to address all these issues through dialogue with Baghdad, but they have not yet shown their readiness for this.”
Barzani – who is currently at the helm of the autonomous region after his uncle Masoud Barzani stepped down as president in the weeks after the referendum – welcomed a deeper involvement by the U.S. to resolve the issue, but maintained that they have no regrets about holding the referendum.
“I don’t believe anyone here, any political party, thinks they made a mistake or they did something wrong. What we have seen was a democratic process,” he said. “It was an expression of will, not less, not more.”
The long-awaited Sept. 25 vote – of which more than 92 percent of some 8 million Iraqi Kurds voted “yes” to part ways with the Baghdad government – was non-binding in that unilateral succession would not immediately take place. Iraqi Kurds hoped it would prompt negotiations for eventual separation.
While it remains to be seen when and how Kurdish aspirations for an independent state will now move forward – some analysts suggest it is in tatters and U.S. officials have doubled down on the long-held policy to “support a federal, prosperous, unified and democratic Iraq” – Barzani said they remain committed to the process and are still hopeful for American backing.
“We have to look at Iraq very realistically,” he said. “For those who talk about a strong, centralized Iraq we have seen that doesn’t work. The most important point for Iraq and what the international community wants to see in Iraq is stability, which means we should find a model that all communities in Iraq can agree upon and can be sustained.”
He added, “Our position after the referendum is to address our problems with Baghdad on the basis of the constitution. But our right to self-determination will remain as it is. This is a new era and we hope the American people will come to support our cause.”



http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2017/12/04/matt-lauer-did-receive-shopping-bag-filled-with-sex-toys-claims-therapist.html
Matt Lauer did receive 'a shopping bag filled with sex toys,' claims therapist
Former “Today” show co-host Meredith Vieira joked about the time she went into Matt Lauer’s office and found “a huge bag of sex toys” in a resurfaced video from 2016 – and now a therapist is claiming she was the one who gave him the goods.
Dr. Laura Berman, who was a regular guest on the “Today” show, told Inside Edition Friday she reportedly gave the fallen TV journalist sex toys to help him spice up his troubled 19-year marriage with his wife, former model Annette Roque.
She claimed the 59-year-old sought advice when cameras weren’t rolling.
“We were in the makeup room and he sort of asked the makeup artist to leave,” said Dr. Berman. “He asked me about sexual aids and devices. He confided in me about some of the struggles he was having in his married relationship.”
Dr. Berman insisted Lauer didn’t want to be outed buying sex toys in a store. The therapist also added she is able to speak about Lauer because he is not a patient of hers.
“I brought him a shopping bag filled with toys from my line that were designed for couples, spicing things up,” she claimed.
According to Dr. Berman’s site, she’s a sex and relationship educator and therapist who “has helped countless couples build stronger relationships, improve their sex lives, and achieve a heightened level of intimacy through her TV and radio shows, books, columns and website, along with her private practice based in Chicago.”
She has also written several books on “sexual health and pleasure.”
In May 2016, Lauer appeared on “The Meredith Vieira Show” with his then-co-host Savannah Guthrie, and Vieira recalled the time she went “snooping” in his office and discovered the bag of sex toys.
“You had a huge bag of sex toys, yes you did, in your closet, Matt,” Vieira told her studio audience.
Lauer then attempted to explain the explicit toys.
“Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute,” he responded. “We had a guest on the show who was a sex therapist. I think you (Vieira) did the segment, actually.”
Vieira, looking confused, said she did not do the segment.
Lauer continued that the sex therapist gave “each of us a shopping bag of stuff.”
Vieira replied she did not receive anything.
A flustered Lauer then said he did not know what to do with the sex toys and left them in his closet.
Lauer was fired last week after he was found to have carried on “inappropriate sexual behavior” with a female colleague. A shocking report in Variety detailed multiple claims of crude behavior by the morning show star.
Among the allegations: that Lauer once gave a colleague a sex toy with an explicit note about how he wanted to use it on her; that he exposed himself to another female co-worker; that he would question female producers about their sex lives; and that he would talk about which co-hosts he would like to sleep with.
Variety also reported Lauer had a secret button under his desk that allowed him to lock his office door remotely, affording him privacy for his sexual conquests.
The New York Times later reported that Lauer allegedly “summoned” a married co-worker to his office for sex in 2001 and had sex intensely with her over the back of his chair until she fainted and had to be taken to a nurse.
Roque has since reportedly left their New York home and jetted off to her native country the Netherlands to escape public scrutiny after the bombshell accounts.
Lauer and Roque’s marriage has been reportedly rocky since 2006. Roque filed for divorce in 2006 but did not follow through, People reported. He allegedly offered his estranged wife $5 million to stay in the marriage. However, the celebrity magazine added it was no secret that Lauer regularly cheated on his wife.
Dr. Berman was shocked by the allegations.
“I’m sort of crestfallen if any of those toys were used to harass any colleagues or any women,” she said.



http://www.foxnews.com/world/2017/12/04/north-korea-says-us-south-korea-war-games-intensifies-nuclear-war-threat.html
North Korea says US-South Korea war games intensifies nuclear war threat
It’s being called a five-day show of power.
The U.S. on Monday kicked off one of the largest live fire military drills ever held in South Korea, called Vigilant Ace. It was highlighted by more than 230 aircraft – including an unusually large number of the latest-generation stealth fighters, six F-22’s and 18 F-35s.
In Washington D.C., the Trump administration warned the U.S. would go against North Korea alone – if other nations don't step up.
"If necessary, the president and the U.S. will have to take care of it, because he has said he's not going to allow this murderous rogue regime to threaten the U.S., National Security Advisor HR McMaster told Fox News Sunday.
But the Hermit Kingdom continues to deliver threats. On Sunday, North Korea called President Trump insane, adding that the latest military drills show the U.S. was begging for nuclear war.
“Ceaseless large-scale war games [by the US and South Korea],” North Korea state media said, “… [is] creating a situation that a nuclear war may break out any moment."
China is also calling on the U.S. to stop the drills, saying they won't bring North Korea back to the bargaining table.
The U.S. says these military drills, which involve a staggering 12,000 U.S. Service members, were planned in advance – but the timing is certainly appropriate.
This past weekend, Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., said it is time for U.S. military families in South Korea to leave because, in his words, conflict with North Korea could be imminent.
"We're getting close to a military conflict because North Korea's marching toward marrying up the technology of an ICBM with a nuclear weapon on top that cannot only get to America but deliver the weapon,” Graham told CBS News. “We're running out of time."



http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/12/04/kennedys-kochs-help-kill-planned-wind-farm-off-cape-cod.html
Kennedys, Kochs help kill planned wind farm off Cape Cod
A plan to build scores of offshore, electricity-generating windmills within eyesight of the Kennedy compound and numerous other tony properties in one of America’s wealthiest, and most scenic areas, is officially dead in the water.
The Cape Wind project, which envisioned 130 turbines to be built off the Massachusetts coast, would have been the first U.S. offshore wind farm. It would also have spoiled the view from the Kennedy family’s estate and that of the Democratic family's billionaire neighbor, William Koch, owner of a nearby 26-acre estate.
Besides their opposition, Energy Management Inc., which led the project, had to battle fishermen and tourism-related businesses. But after 16 years of fighting, with the help of environmentalists, for the project – and scoring numerous legal battles along the way – Energy Management threw in the towel late last week, citing the cancellation of several contracts to sell its power to local utilities.
“During Cape Wind’s development period we successfully developed over a billion dollars of renewable solar and biomass energy projects and, although we were unable to bring Cape Wind to fruition, we are proud of the catalyzing and pioneering effort we devoted to bringing offshore wind to the United States,” Cape Wind President James Gordon said in a statement to the Cape Cod Times.
Championed as the future of clean energy by environmental activists, the 478-megawatt offshore farm would have been a power supply for Cape Cod, Nantucket and Martha’s Vineyard.
However, the Kennedy family opposed the project for years. Back in 2006, then-Sen. Ted Kennedy called for more federal guidelines first. “Senator Kennedy has real environmental and economic concerns, and the federal government continues to lack a national policy and process to guide offshore alternative energy development,” spokeswoman Melissa Wagoner told The Washington Times. The senator died in 2009.
In addition, attorney Robert F. Kennedy Jr. wrote in a New York Times op-ed in 2005: “I do believe that some places should be off limits to any sort of industrial development. I wouldn't build a wind farm in Yosemite National Park. Nor would I build one on Nantucket Sound.”
While the Kennedys and their activities on Cape Cod have been well known for decades, Koch’s ties to the area have been less well publicized. The billionaire fossil fuel industrialist, whose brothers Charles and David are well known for their underwriting of Republican politicians, bought Rachel Mellon’s 26-acre waterfront estate in Oyster Harbors in 2013 for $19.5 million and quickly turned his attention to combating what he called the “visual pollution” from the Cape Wind project.
“I am equally confident that the project’s lack of merit will result in its demise,” Koch wrote in an email to the New York Times back in 2013.
Cape Wind’s demise came despite significant support. The U.S. Energy Department gave Energy Management a conditional $150 million loan guarantee, Siemens AG was mulling a $100 million equity investment and Rabobank, Natixis and Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group led a $400 million debt package.
In the end this wasn’t enough and, after the project was hit by numerous lawsuits and Cape Wind missed a number of contractual milestones, energy suppliers National Grid and Northeast Utilities canceled their purchase agreements.
The fate of Cape Wind has taught offshore wind developers a valuable lesson: Keep the turbines out of a sight of beachgoers.
Last year, Deepwater Wind completed the first offshore wind farm 3.8 miles off of Rhode Island’s Block Island and the country’s largest offshore wind farm is slated to be built in the waters between the eastern tip of Long Island and Martha’s Vineyard. Part of New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo’s goal to draw 50 percent of the state’s power from renewable sources by 2030, the project will be built on a 256-square acre parcel and generate enough energy to power 1.25 million homes.
“This project will not only provide a new, reliable source of clean energy but will also create high-paying jobs, continue our efforts to combat climate change and help preserve our environment,” Cuomo said in a statement in January when the project was approved by the Long Island Power Authority’s board.



http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2017/11/29/ron-paul-why-trump-must-tackle-renewable-fuel-standard.html
Ron Paul: Why Trump must tackle the renewable fuel standard
President Trump and EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt will have an opportunity in coming weeks to increase manufacturing jobs and bolster U.S. exports by simply cutting back on the red tape of the Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS).
Although every source of energy – wind, solar, renewable, carbon-based and the rest – has a place on the market, the RFS includes a government-imposed requirement mandating that a specified amount of renewable fuels are mixed into at least 15 billion gallons of America's diesel fuel and gasoline annually.
Refiners blend ethanol made from corn into fuel to meet this RFS requirement, and as a result farmers who grow corn and politicians from corn-growing state support the RFS. More corn is produced in Iowa than any other state. 
No one said that draining the swamp would be easy. While lobbyists and officials representing corn states have been fighting President Trump’s EPA every step of the way, I am still hopeful that the White House will make the decision that benefits the economy at large.
To satisfy Washington bureaucrats, refineries and distributors must either produce the mix of fuel containing ethanol on their own; purchase credits – called Renewable Identification Numbers (RINs) from someone who can blend it; or import renewables from overseas that qualify for RINs credits.
For the many who cannot afford to mix themselves, purchasing the RINs – "Big Brother Compliance Certificate" of sorts from another company – suffices. These smaller refineries are not buying a tangible product; rather, just the ability to comply with the RFS on their regulatory forms.
Since it is difficult to blend to meet the RFS's requirements, many small refiners at the mercy of large refiners. They must purchase RINs credits from them. The price of the credits constantly fluctuates.
A price hike of 200 percent came just from February to August. In many instances, the big winners from this policy are not corn farmers, but hedge fund managers. Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, pointed out that "when RINs prices are highest, corn prices are often lowest," suggesting that RINs are the darling of Wall Street, not corn states.
Iowa Governor Kim Reynolds left for Texas on Nov. 14 – what she called "hostile territory" – to lobby for the removal of Sen. Cruz's hold on a Department of Agriculture nomination. Cruz promptly sent a letter to her clarifying his motives.
Cruz noted that he is far from an enemy of Iowa; he is just trying to look out for the long-term interests of the country, all while remaining open to finding a "mutually beneficial outcome."
While I am sure many Republicans would love to see the RFS repealed entirely – myself included – some have proposed a simple compromise that would seemingly benefit even the ethanol lobby: allow exported renewables made within our borders to count towards the RINs compliance system.
According to one columnist at US News, this amendment has the potential to increase U.S. exports by 1.2 gallons and create over 26,000 U.S. jobs, allowing "the U.S. to achieve its goal of 15 billion gallons of blended fuel in a way much more compatible with the free market."
It would shock me if this opportunity to beat back the RFS red tape did not at least intrigue the Trump administration. I support free trade, but there is a clear policy issue when a burdensome government mandate forces the country to prioritize foreign imports while shutting off many American exports artificially. That is exactly what is occurring under the current RINs program.
Some believe that members of the Trump administration fear amending the RFS would upset residents of Midwestern states. But contrary to what the ethanol lobby wants you to believe, it does not speak on behalf of any state.
For example, it is important to remember that like me, Sen. Cruz managed to win the Iowa presidential caucus because he convinced the Hawkeye State that less, not more, government intervention is the key to unleashing the economic growth needed to raise wages and boost employment.
The last few years have proven that wishy-washy politics do not play well with voters. Let’s hope the Trump administration does what is in the best interest of the American economy rather than entertain the bidding of a few politically well-connected special interests.



http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/12/04/abc-news-boss-berates-staff-for-botched-brian-ross-story-report-says.html
ABC News boss berates staff for botched Brian Ross story, report says
The boss at ABC News viciously berated his staff on Monday over Chief Investigative Correspondent Brian Ross’s botched “exclusive” about former national security adviser Michael Flynn, according to a bombshell new report.
“I don’t think ever in my career have I felt more rage and disappointment and frustration that I felt through this weekend and through the last half of Friday,” ABC News president James Goldston raged in audio obtained by CNN.
“I don’t even know how many times we’ve talked about this, how many times we have talked about the need to get it right,” he reportedly added. “That how we have to be right and not first. About how in this particular moment, with the stakes as high as these stakes are right now, we cannot afford to get it wrong.”
Goldston told staffers that a review would be conducted, and that Ross, who has been suspended for four weeks without pay, would no longer be allowed to cover stories about President Donald Trump, according to the report.
ABC News didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment from Fox News.
During his live “special report” Friday morning, Ross reported Flynn would testify that Trump had ordered him to make contact with Russians about foreign policy while Trump was still a candidate.
The report raised the specter of Trump’s impeachment and sent the stock market plummeting.
However, later in the day, ABC News issued a “clarification” to Ross’s report, saying that Trump’s alleged directive came after he’d been elected president. That’s a key distinction in any investigation of Russian actions during the campaign.
Ross himself appeared on “World News Tonight” several hours after the initial report to “clarify” his error.
In a statement, ABC News said Ross’ report “had not been fully vetted through our editorial standards process.”
“It is vital we get the story right and retain the trust we have built with our audience,” ABC’s statement added. “These are our core principles. We fell far short of that yesterday.”
Ross tweeted about his suspension late Saturday, saying, “My job is to hold people accountable and that’s why I agree with being held accountable myself.”
Trump himself tweeted, “Congratulations to @ABC News” for punishing Ross for what the president called “his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the Russia, Russia, Russia Witch Hunt. More Networks and “papers” should do the same with their Fake News!”
Goldston's Monday rant -- which mentioned the president's tweets -- was unprecedented for its ferocity, leaving ABC News staffers agape and wondering if Ross would ever actually return to work. Longtime ABC News staff compared the situation to two debacles in 2003 when the space shuttle crashed on a weekend and ABC News personnel couldn't turn on the camera properly for a special report; and then when ABC News did not have a correspondent at the White House when the second Gulf War began.
Friday’s fumble was another in a series of black marks for Ross, who has been at ABC News since 1994 after spending nearly two decades at NBC. He has not been sanctioned for past errors.
In 2001, Ross incorrectly reported that Saddam Hussein’s Iraqi dictatorship may have been responsible for anthrax attacks that terrorized the United States in the months after 9/11. Then-White House press secretary Ari Fleischer tweeted Saturday that he “explicitly told ABC News not to go with the anthrax story because it was wrong. Brian Ross went with it anyway - and one week later issued a murky, hard to understand correction.”
ABC News Chief Foreign Correspondent Terry Moran, who was the network's chief White House correspondent at the time, slammed his own colleague with a terse tweet saying, of Fleischer's tweet, “This is correct.”
(ABC News refused to comment this weekend on the feud between Ross and Moran, who have clashed for years. But an ABC News insider sympathetic to Ross pointed out to Fox News that it was Moran who was not at his White House post in 2003, when the Gulf War began.)
In 2006, Ross reported that then-House Speaker Dennis Hastert was a target of a federal corruption probe involving former lobbyist Jack Abramoff. Despite the Justice Department’s denial, Ross insisted that Hastert was “very much in the mix” of the investigation. Hastert was never approached by prosecutors.
In 2010, Ross fronted a report called “Taking on Toyota,” which claimed that some of the Japanese automaker’s cars contained a defect that caused “unintended acceleration.” The report included footage of a tachometer shooting from 1,000 to 6,200 RPM in seconds while Ross sat behind the wheel. However, the same footage showed that the car Ross was inside was parked with the doors open at the time.
In a letter to ABC News at the time, Toyota complained that the work by a key expert Ross cited in his report was funded by “a paid advocate for trial lawyers involved in litigation against Toyota.” The carmaker added that the expert’s demonstrations were carried out “under conditions that are virtually impossible to occur in real-world conditions.”
Perhaps most infamously, Ross reported in 2012 that Colorado movie theater shooter James Holmes may have had ties to the Tea Party movement.
“There is a Jim Holmes of Aurora, Colorado, page on the Colorado Tea Party site as well, talking about him joining the tea party last year,” Ross reported on “Good Morning America.” “Now, we don’t know if this is the same Jim Holmes – but this is Jim Holmes of Aurora, Colorado.”
Ross later apologized for the report, but received withering criticism — including being dubbed “America’s Wrongest Reporter” by the now-defunct Gawker website.
“When there’s breaking news, especially about terrorism and national security, ABC News’ Brian Ross is there,” John Cook wrote in a post on the gossip blog, before adding, “And under no circumstances should you listen to anything he says.”
Sources told Fox News that ABC News in recent years has cut the size of Ross’ team of producers and provided him with fewer on-air platforms for his reporting. An ABC insider said, however, that this had less to do with Ross’ errors than with ABC’s diminished interest in hard news and investigative reporting.
Ross' Flynn debacle is the latest bias controversy for ABC News, which is part of the reliably liberal Disney ABC Television Group. During the 2016 campaign, ABC had to pull its chief anchor, George Stephanopoulos, from moderating any debates because the former Clinton operative had been exposed for making large donations to the Clinton Foundation. Furthermore, ABC’s chief foreign affairs correspondent, Martha Raddatz, was reprimanded by President-elect Trump for crying on air during election night coverage. Raddatz denies she cried. Future President Obama attended the second of her three weddings.
ABC’s beleaguered entertainment fare also has come under fire for liberal bias. ABC canceled the conservative-leaning comedy “Last Man Standing” earlier this year, despite the Tim Allen show being a ratings hit. ABC also has been criticized for paying Clinton activist Katy Perry $25 million to serve as a judge on the forthcoming “American Idol” reboot. Disney boss Bob Iger also is believed to be mulling a presidential run in 2020 as a Democrat.



http://www.foxnews.com/sports/2017/12/04/lavar-ball-says-hes-withdrawing-suspended-son-from-ucla.html
LaVar Ball says he's withdrawing suspended son from UCLA
Basketball patriarch LaVar Ball has hit a barrier with his family dynasty conquering The American Dream.
The father of UCLA guard LiAngelo Ball says he plans to withdraw his son from school because of concerns related to the freshman’s indefinite suspension for his participation in a shoplifting incident during the Bruins’ trip to China last month.
The younger Ball, along with freshmen Jalen Hill and Cody Riley, have been barred from all team activities as part of their suspension for shoplifting from three high-end stores last month when UCLA opened its season overseas.
Ball, Hill and Riley publicly apologized while reading prepared statements at a campus news conference on Nov. 15.
LaVar Ball told the Los Angeles Times and ESPN on Monday that he’s going to explore other options for LiAngelo because “I’m not going to let him sit back and not practice.”
The elder Ball says he hasn’t spoken to the school about withdrawing his son. “I’m taking him and I’m gone,” he told the Times.
Asked if LiAngelo agreed with the decision, the elder Ball told the Times, “My boy is loyal to me. I tried to let UCLA deal with the process and he should have been playing the next week.”
“We learned today of LiAngelo Ball’s intention to withdraw from UCLA,” Coach Steve Alford said in a statement. “We respect the decision he and his family have made, and we wish him all the best in the future.”
Alford said last week that he and his staff were communicating with the players via text messages and calls, mostly to see if they are attending classes. The players are allowed to use athletic facilities, including the weight room, but aren’t working directly with the coaching staff, he said.
Alford indicated last week that he expected the fate of the three suspended players to be resolved in the near term.
LiAngelo is the middle child of Ball’s three sons. Oldest son Lonzo is a rookie with the Lakers after playing one successful season at UCLA.
The elder Ball pulled his youngest son, LaMelo, out of Chino Hills High recently in favor of home schooling him.
LiAngelo Ball never played a regular-season game for the Bruins (7-1), who fell out of the Top 25 last week.
LaVar Ball and President Donald Trump have engaged in a public war of words since the three players returned from China. Ball minimized Trump’s involvement in winning the players’ release and Trump tweeted in response that he should have left the players in China in jail. Ball rebuffed Trump’s demands for credit, saying it was Chinese President Xi Jinping who freed his son.
Fox News previously reported that Trump escalated his Twitter war with the Ball patriarch, calling him “a poor man’s Don King” and an “ungrateful fool.”



http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2017/12/04/chelsea-handler-attacks-sarah-huckabee-sanders-calling-her-lewd-names-on-her-talk-show.html
Chelsea Handler calls Sarah Sanders lewd names on her talk show, sparking outrage
Chelsea Handler’s Netflix series is going out with a bang as the comedian-turned-activist took some brutal shots at White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders over the weekend.
On Friday’s episode, Handler conducted an interview in which she interrupted her guest to slam Sanders, calling her a "harlot," “trollop” and “wh---."
“That Harlot that they’re dressing up and trolloping out every day?” she asked when Sander’s name came up. “I mean, one day she has no makeup on at all, the next she has six foot long eyelashes, she’s got cleavage and summer wh--- lipstick all over her face. Can you believe what they turned her into? A proper trollop.”
While Handler is known for her off-color political humor, many fans were quick to jump on her recent characterization of Sanders as being both too harsh and anti-feminist.
“Showing your true colors of lifting up women,” one user wrote. “Huckabee-Sanders is more of a lady than you can ever fathom being.”
The user then posted an old quote from Handler about how women should respect women with open arms.
Another user noted that Handler practices many of the beauty tactics that she’s chastising Sanders for saying, “before you call Sarah Huckabee Sanders a wh--- maybe you should check some of the stuff you have posted on instagram.”
Another mocked the double standard that Handler appears to enjoy on social media saying, “Just an FYI to everyone… APPARENTLY Chelsea Handler can call Sarah Huckabee Sanders a W--- and keep tweeting, but if you return the favor to her, you are suspended.”
As previously reported, it was recently announced that Netflix would end its run of “Chelsea” after the completion of Season 2. The star claimed in a statement that the decision to end the show was her own so that she could focus on political activism in the future. Handler has made a name for herself as a prominent critic of the Trump administration. Her comments against Sanders are just the latest in a long line of jabs at the White House.
Chelsea’s comments against Sanders come about 28 minutes into the latest episode of “Chelsea,” titled “Dinner Party: Scandalous.”



http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2017/12/04/times-2017-person-year-shortlist-includes-president-trump-colin-kaepernick-kim-jong-un.html
Time's 2017 Person of the Year shortlist includes President Trump, Colin Kaepernick, Kim Jong Un
Time unveiled the 10 finalists in the running to be named 2017 Person of the Year, which included President Trump, Colin Kaepernick, Special Counsel Robert Mueller and North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un.
The shortlist was announced on NBC’s “Today” show on Monday and the finalists were selected by Time editors, the publication said. The shortlist also included Chinese President Xi Jinping, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, The #MeToo movement, “Wonder Woman” director Patty Jenkins, Dreamers (undocumented immigrants eligible to the Obama-era's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) and Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos.
Many of the names listed have been surrounded by controversy this year. Kaepernick was the topic of discussion after the NFL anthem kneeling controversy escalated when the president chimed in. The #MeToo movement gained traction after a slew of prominent Hollywood figures were accused of sexual misconduct.
Speculation over who will be granted the title began in late November after Trump tweeted he “took a pass” on being “Man (person) of the Year” because the magazine wanted a photoshoot and interview.
“Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named “Man (Person) of the Year,” like last year, but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photoshoot,” Trump tweeted. “I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway!”
However, Time responded to Trump in a tweet: “The president is incorrect about how we choose Person of the Year.”
Trump was awarded the title last year.  
The title could be given to a person or a group of people, explaining why the #MeToo movement and Dreamers were included in the shortlist. Time has named a Person of the Year since 1927 basing its choice on how much the person or group has influenced news in the past year.
“For better or for worse,” Time said.
Time is expected to unveil the 2017 Person of the Year on Wednesday. 



http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2017/12/04/will-msnbc-punish-joy-reid-after-homophobic-past-was-revealed.html
Will MSNBC punish Joy Reid after homophobic past was revealed?
MSNBC declined to comment on Monday regarding whether embattled host Joy Reid will be disciplined for her homophobic remarks and anti-gay jokes that were unearthed over the weekend.
Reid wrote a dozen blog posts from 2007-2009 containing remarks that are highly offensive to the LGBTQ community. MSNBC prides itself on being progressive, and Reid’s decade-old comments directly contradict the network’s typical direction.
The old blog posts — unearthed by a Twitter user and reported by Mediaite — targeted former Florida Gov. Charlie Crist, who Reid mocked as “Miss Charlie,” for being gay and closeted, even though there was never any proof that he was. The posts fanned rumors of Crist’s sexual orientation and his political opponents tried to tar him with the gossip during his governorship — when he was a Republican.
Rachel Maddow, MSNBC’s most-watched host and cash cow, is openly gay. Reid apologized once her homophobic past was exposed and Crist — who is now a Democrat — took to Twitter to accept her apology. However, MSNBC presumably is considering some sort of discipline for Reid, or else the network’s spokesperson would have likely shot down questions about punishment for the homophobic slurs.
Conservative blogger Wayne Dupree, who was named to the 2017 Newsmax’s 50 Most Influential African-American Republicans, doesn’t think anything will happen to Reid despite the “nasty” rhetoric.
“When we look at this from a common sense perspective, we will see that nothing will probably happen to Reid because she is completely insulated from any repercussions that would be called for in today’s politically sensitive climate,” he wrote. “Why do I say this: she’s a liberal, black woman, and those two cards will save her from just about anything … but we will always know.”
Mediaite reported it was able to retrieve the posts from Reid’s blog, which no longer exists, through an online archiving service.
“Miss Charlie, Miss Charlie, Stop pretending, brother,” Reid wrote in a 2007 post, according to the media outlet. “It’s okay that you don’t go for the ladies.”
In another, the “AM Joy” host wrote, “Now that he’s married to a girl, Charlie Crist is being sought out for all KINDS of good stuff… [The GOP] are wooing Miss Charlie to run.”
In a Dec. 12, 2008, post, Reid belittled Crist as dreading physical relations with his wife on their honeymoon.
“I can just see poor Charlie on the honeymoon, ogling the male waiters and thinking to himself, ‘god, do I actually have to see her naked…?’“ she wrote.
The same blog post included a joke about Crist having sex with Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., Mediaite reported. “Get your mind out of the gutter,” she joked.
Reid commented in the blog that Crist got married to a woman in the first place to help him become McCain’s 2008 running mate. Mediaite counted 17 times Reid derisively referred to Crist as “Miss Charlie,” and the subject led her to opine on why gay men stay in the closet.
“When a gay politician gets married, it usually indicates that he is highly ambitious, and desires to put himself in a position to move up the power ladder,” she wrote.
She further mocked Crist with tags “gay politicians” and “not gay politicians.”
Reid said her blog posts were written at the time when Crist was a conservative Republican. Back in 2012, Crist joined the Democratic Party and endorsed Barack Obama for re-election. 



http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/12/04/not-just-ivy-league-community-colleges-also-violate-students-rights-expert-says.html
Not just Ivy League: Community colleges also violate students’ rights, expert says
It's not just ivory tower academics indoctrinating students into liberal hysteria -- their peers at community colleges and smaller universities nationwide are weaving a similar diet of left-wing politics into lesson plans, critics warn.
In classrooms from Tampa, Fla. to Austin, Tex. to Warren, Mich., professors have become embroiled in controversies including calling for the sexual assault of female politicians; defining the election of President Trump as an "act of terrorism"; and colluding with campus officials to shut down conservative speech.
And the list goes on.
A visiting University of Tampa professor was fired this summer after writing that Texans deserved Hurricane Harvey for supporting Trump. Kenneth Story, also an adjunct professor at the nearby Hillsborough Community College, apologized after tweeting, “I don’t believe in instant Karma but this kinda feels like it for Texas. Hopefully this will help them realize the GOP doesn’t care about them.”
In September, Austin Community College paralegal studies professor, Robert Ranco, resigned after tweeting: “I’m not wishing for it… but I’d be ok if #BetsyDevos was sexually assaulted.”
Ranco later apologized to Devos on Twitter.
Charlie Kirk, founder of Turning Point USA, a conservative campus watchdog group, started a Professor Watchlist so students, parents, and alumni could be aware of the plethora of reported incidents at community colleges across the country.
“Our most successful lawsuit recently was at [Macomb Community College],” Kirk told Fox News. “Several of these schools believe they can impose any rules and speech codes they wish. We find it to be even worse at times on the local level.”
In November, TPUSA won a free speech case at the community college in Warren, Mich. Macomb Community College eventually settled with TPUSA after a student group was told by campus police they were violating campus policy by publicly advocating for fossil fuels, the Detroit Free Press reported.
A New Jersey community college professor was fired after an appearance on “Tucker Carlson Tonight” in which she defended Black Lives Matter for holding a “blacks only” event.
“Boo-hoo-hoo,” Lisa Durden said. “You white people are angry because you couldn’t use your ‘white privilege’ card to get invited to the Black Lives Matter’s all-black Memorial Day celebration! Wow!”
Durden was fired several days later from Essex County College, where she taught communications and pop culture as an adjunct professor.
As usual, California, even at smaller schools, featured numerous instances of leftwing controversy.
A human sexuality professor at Orange Coast College in Southern California was caught on camera calling Trump’s election an “act of terrorism.” Instead of being reprimanded, Professor Olga Perez Stable Cox was awarded “Faculty Member of the Year” in March by the community college -- while the student who recorded her was suspended for violating college rules.
In August, a community college in California, Cerritos College, held a welcome day for illegal immigrant students.
Earlier this year, a lawsuit alleged, Los Angeles Pierce College stopped Spanish speakers from reading the Constitution, the College Fix reported. One student was handing out Spanish-language pocket Constitutions in the “free speech zone” at the community college when a professor ordered him to get a “permit application.”
In January, Kellogg Community College took it a step further, arresting three students for passing out copies of the Constitution on an outdoor sidewalk because students failed to fill out “basic paperwork,” according to Campus Reform. Alliance Defending Freedom is representing the students, who are affiliated with Young Americans for Liberty.
A Nassau Community College professor wore a “Sit With Kaepernick” shirt on Sept. 11, referencing ex-quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who controversially chose to kneel or sit during the playing of the national anthem.
Sociology professor, Porter Kirkwood, said it wasn’t his intention to offend anyone on the anniversary of 9/11, but rather to stand up for free speech.
MiraCosta College, in Southern California, announced it would provide scholarships to transgender students -- without steps to verify transgender status -- or to students “active in the transgender community.” NBC7 San Diego reported it was “the first in the United States to provide a scholarship for those in the transgender community, specifically.”
An adjunct professor at St. Louis Community College, who is part of the #CampusResistance movement to counter faculty layoffs, was arrested after he allegedly charged toward board members and the chancellor during a Board of Trustees meeting, as reported by Inside High Ed.



http://insider.foxnews.com/2017/12/04/judge-napolitano-president-trump-possibly-facing-obstruction-justice-charges
Judge Nap: Feinstein Is 'Correct' on Potential Obstruction of Justice Case Against Trump
On "Fox & Friends" this morning, Alan Dershowitz disputed claims from some Democrats that Special Counsel Robert Mueller could build an obstruction of justice case against President Donald Trump.
Dershowitz said Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) was incorrect when she argued that Trump obstructed the FBI investigation into possible collusion between his presidential campaign and Russia by asking former FBI Director James Comey to end the investigation into Michael Flynn and also by later firing Comey.
Dershowitz said a president cannot be charged with obstruction for merely exercising his constitutional authority.
On "America's Newsroom," Fox News senior judicial analyst Judge Andrew Napolitano came down on the side of Feinstein.
"I respect Professor Dershowitz greatly. I do not know Sen. Feinstein, but she, in my view, is correct here," he told Bill Hemmer. 