https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2016/10/03/twenty-years-of-slate
Twenty Years of Slate
It’s been twenty years since Michael Kinsley, the former editor of The New Republic, undertook a novel adventure: the creation of a magazine, underwritten by Microsoft, that was to exist primarily in what was then known as “cyberspace.” “There will be efforts to update it, perhaps on a daily basis,” the Times noted, in a report that appeared below the fold on page D1 of its issue of Monday, April 29, 1996, two months before the launch of Slate.
Recently, Kinsley, who was the editor-in-chief of Slate from 1996 until 2002, and his three successors—Jacob Weisberg, David Plotz, and Julia Turner—gathered in Washington, D.C., to record a podcast: a five-way conversation with Josh Levin, the magazine’s executive editor. It was a nostalgic and forgivably self-regarding celebration of what Turner characterized as Slate’s “smarty-pants, curious journalism, opinion, and analysis.” The editors posed, grinning, for a group photo.
“We probably need to airplane mode,” Turner said, fiddling with her phone.
“I turned off any signalling for text, because my kids just text all the time,” Weisberg said. “Nate was, like, ‘You can’t do that—how can I get in touch with you?’ ”
Everyone but Kinsley wore headphones. Turner said, “I would feel weird podcasting without headphones.” As virtual tape rolled, they recalled Slate’s début. The first issues had page numbers; Kinsley expected that readers would print them. For the most part, the site updated only once a week. There was a button that a reader could click on to hear a song by Fats Waller.
“Was the idea that you would have nice music to accompany you while you were printing it out?” Turner, who has been the editor since 2014, asked.
“The idea was that we had this new technology, and we ought to do anything that we could to exploit it, to counteract the disadvantage of having to read it on the computer,” Kinsley said. He praised colleagues who were bold enough to forgo traditional print careers in order to pursue what to many observers at the time seemed a quixotic endeavor. “Jacob took more risk than anyone at Slate, because you were the political correspondent of New York magazine,” he said, to Weisberg. “And you traded that in for this mysterious thing.”
“For a job at Microsoft, with stock options,” Weisberg averred. He was the editor from 2002 until 2008, and is now Slate’s C.E.O., having orchestrated its purchase by the Washington Post Company, in 2005.
The editors surveyed the magazine’s contributions to what are now conventions of online media: links in stories, aggregation, crowdsourcing. “I think we invented the slide show,” Weisberg said, with a note of regret. There was an analysis of what Plotz, the editor from 2008 until 2014, called “Slateyness,” a tone of contrarian inquiry. One story was recalled with glee: “How Complicated Was the Byzantine Empire?,” by Brian Palmer, scrutinized the political structures of medieval Constantinople and found them to be substantially less complex than those of modern governments.
After an hour or so, the recording stopped and the headphones came off. The chat continued. There was fond recollection of company retreats during which the staff divided into teams for softball: Christians versus Jews. Plotz mentioned Matt Drudge, whom the magazine had once tried to enlist to write “Today’s Papers,” a daily survey of the news, which was discontinued in 2009.
“That, actually, was my bad idea,” Weisberg said.
“That was a great idea!” Plotz said. “History would have taken a different turn.”
“The thing I forgot to ask was, How close were we to publishing the Lewinsky tapes?” Levin said.
There were “_Ahh! _”s all around.
“Jonah had them in a drawer in the office,” Kinsley said. Plotz launched into a scattered account: Slate once shared office space with a production company where a young television producer named Jonah Goldberg worked. His mother, Lucianne Goldberg, a literary agent, was the conduit through which the world learned of Monica Lewinsky’s confessions of intimacy with President Clinton, secretly recorded by Linda Tripp, Lewinsky’s onetime friend.
A producer entered the room: “You sure you don’t want to put the headphones back on and do this for real? This is good.”
Everyone except Kinsley restored the headphones. They reënacted the conversation—adding details for the benefit of those many listeners who might not remember the nineteen-nineties, and how things worked all those long years ago.



https://www.newyorker.com/books/page-turner/the-impulsive-life-not-chosen
The Impulsive Life Not Chosen
When you’re young, few things are quite as intoxicating as meeting someone with confidence: someone who lives freely, untroubled by doubt or self-consciousness, all fire and will, allergic to talk of status or career, who represents pure possibility at a time before any of these concepts—doubt, career, freedom—have taken on the full force of their meaning. For the journalist Leon Neyfakh, that person was Juiceboxxx, “a fifteen-year-old white rapper from the Milwaukee suburbs” he befriended when he was in the eleventh grade. “He didn’t seem angry,” Neyfakh recalls of the first time he saw Juice rap, to about twenty schoolmates in a church basement. “Just possessed.”
“For years afterwards,” Neyfakh writes in “The Next Next Level,” his reflection on the lingering effects of that moment, “I watched Juiceboxxx from afar, aware that the life he lived was profoundly different from mine and that of practically everyone I was friends with.” It’s a charming book that’s half memoir, half critical experiment, anchored in Neyfakh’s vague wish to trade in some of his detached self-awareness for his friend’s fearless passion. At first, it seems like a peculiar kind of envy. “Where I, like many, used to dream of becoming an artist,” Neyfakh explains, he instead became “a professional.” It doesn’t seem like a bad life. Currently a staff writer at Slate, Neyfakh writes as someone who has, by most traditional metrics, done quite well for himself. He has a Harvard degree, a successful and rewarding career, a wife, a dog—stuff that generally scans as “adult.”
Yet hanging out with—or even just thinking about—Juice leaves Neyfakh in a light funk, lapsing back into yesterday’s insecurities, “strategically editing” his personality to be more like someone Juice would deign to spend time with. Juice isn’t so much a measuring stick of progress as a vision of an impulsive life that Neyfakh never felt brave enough to pursue. To Neyfakh, his friend is a “genius”—someone “who couldn’t help but be the way they were, and had original, immaculate visions that poured out of them as if by magic.” In contrast, he is a mere “critic,” afflicted by self-consciousness, “calculated and careful,” taking life in through a filter. (I’m not sure what salvation remains for the critic writing about other critics.)
But there’s more overlap between these two types than this, as Neyfakh later admits. It might be more accurate to say that the difference between the two friends is that one desires to understand his life as a coherent narrative, whereas the other does not. For both of them, true freedom, the impossible kind that Neyfakh sees in Juice, isn’t a state of being so much as a never-ending quest. And the two apparent extremes, “genius” and “critic,” both suggest a similar impulse: a desire to control one’s destiny, whether that means overlaying a vague sense of trajectory upon one’s life or merely hurtling one’s self into tomorrow.
Throughout the book, Juice remains more or less the same, the embodiment of a “raw, unpracticed energy,” pursuing his art and living by his wits. Or so it seems. We experience his career largely through Neyfakh’s admiring eyes. There are highs—the minor hits, the magazine features tipping him as a rising star, tour dates opening for Public Enemy. But much of it begins to feel like projection, as Neyfakh daydreams about Juice’s daring trajectory from the secure vantage of his desk. He grows protective of his fantasy. When Juice falls in with a trendy art clique, he worries that his friend’s intense sincerity will be misread as an ironic put-on. He seems mildly disappointed when Juice begins selling jingles to pay the rent—even more so when Juice asks him about finding a part-time job. Whenever Neyfakh comes across any harsh criticisms to Juice’s work in a newspaper or the comments section of a blog, his sense of second-hand outrage is profound and out-sized.
Whenever Juice speaks for himself, however, he’s not quite so idealistic about his wounds. He seems bemused by Neyfakh’s desire to write his story, which produces a version of his path that he can’t fully recognize. Neyfakh, in his view, has conflated art with life, principle with necessity. When Neyfakh asks Juice about the dream that holds it all together—about why he does this and when he’ll know that he’s made it far enough—he bristles. “It’s not really about fun for me,” Juice explains. Perhaps it all seems strange, exotic, ballsy, or inefficient from the outside. But this is how he’s wired. It is his livelihood.
In these moments of conversation, when the critic’s object of inquiry comes to life, “The Next Next Level” reveals itself as a book about something other than one friend’s fetishization of another. It’s about how we spend our time and where we find meaning. It’s a portrait of the increasingly tenuous life of American artists and of the high cost of living in New York City. It’s a study of the fickle winds of musical taste, an experiment wherein the writer probes the contours of his own ego. Occasionally, as Neyfakh recalls passing conversations with his Russian parents, it’s a memoir about sacrifice, the immigrant child’s sense of duty and the aversion to risking it all for a trail with no health insurance. It’s a tale of compromise and generational longing, of green grass and the fantasy of jumping into someone else’s life, if only to imagine what would have happened if you had successfully rebooted your personality somewhere along the way.
“Look,” Juice says at one point to a younger musician whose career is at a promising crossroads, “I am not advocating my dumb-ass lifestyle here, let me be fucking clear, all right?” Before it was a lifestyle, it was just life. Before we identify as artists or writers or musicians or professionals, we are just kids, creating, having fun, taking in too much of the world at once. The desire to recall but not retreat into that past is what makes “The Next Next Level” unexpectedly universal, even if you find both lines of work (journalism, rap) distant or strange. “Juice had been a free man before he decided to let me be his friend,” Neyfakh writes, imagining the liberating power of a life pegged to some stubborn, Bartleby-like refusal. Is he robbing Juice of his vitality by placing his life under such scrutiny? Will his friend lose that instinctive sense of freedom now that it’s been tagged and named? “He may have been living an uncertain, not very comfortable life, but at least he was in his own lane, his hands gripping the wheel even as he swerved, skidded, and stalled.”



https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2013/04/08/business-outsider
Business Outsider
The newsroom of Business Insider occupies the thirteenth floor of 257 Park Avenue South, overlooking the sidewalks and snail-mail concerns of Twenty-first Street. Rows of pressed-wood ikea desks are lined up under a vast ceiling, and several dozen writers and editors tap away at keyboards and gaze at twenty-three-inch screens. By the reception desk, there is a Ping-Pong table, where two employees chase and whack a celluloid ball. As with all newsrooms these days, telephones rarely ring, and shouting and group huddles are uncommon. Instead, reporters Google, Facebook, text. The loudest noise often comes from Henry Blodget, the editor-in-chief, who occupies the first seat in the sixth row from the entrance. He sits with his back to a white concrete pillar, facing his reporters and editors, wearing a white shirt, a tie, and a charcoal business suit. When he talks, his arms swing and his voice rises, conveying the enthusiasm of an evangelist.
Blodget bounds from his chair to pace, and to extoll the Internet. Online, space is limitless! Business Insider could post a slide show of seventy-five—a hundred—photographs, he declares: “A newspaper couldn’t print seventy-five pictures!” A television news story might cost a few million dollars to produce; with a handheld camera, one of his reporters could make a decent video for several thousand. Blodget’s voice rises: “What the Internet has done is made a million sources of information available. It’s only a click away.” And: “The Internet has disrupted many industries. The newspaper business has been destroyed. It’s beginning to happen, arguably, to television. Consumer behavior is changing!”
Business Insider was started in 2007, by Kevin P. Ryan, an Internet entrepreneur, and Blodget, who became the C.E.O. and the editor-in-chief. Blodget, who is forty-seven, gets up every morning at five-thirty, writes four or five blog posts a day on average, and dashes off twenty to thirty tweets. Most weekday mornings, he conducts an online video-interview program, Daily Ticker, for Yahoo, and is himself frequently interviewed on television. Once, he raced from his Brooklyn home at 4 a.m. to catch a flight to Chicago for an advertising-pitch meeting, only to discover, upon arrival, that he had packed two left shoes.
Traffic was negligible at the beginning, but, according to Google Analytics, Business Insider now draws twenty-four million unique monthly users, more than CNBC. Among business-oriented sites, only the Wall Street Journal, Forbes, and Bloomberg have more online users. “Our site is half the size of WSJ.com, and they have about seventeen hundred people on staff,” Blodget said one recent afternoon. Two-thirds of Business Insider’s readers are male, many of them young, affluent businessmen and Wall Street traders. One-third of its traffic comes from overseas; this is why Blodget discounts the readership measures provided by Comscore, which pegs Business Insider’s unique monthly users at nine million but doesn’t include overseas readers. Most clicks come during the workday, and users average four minutes on the site, which matches the reading attention span of many Wall Street traders. Its Clusterstock page attracts some of the heaviest traffic, with what amounts to news candy for financiers: “Here’s What Jon Corzine Has Been Doing in His Spare Time Since MF Global Blew Up,” and “The 17 Nastiest Feuds in Wall Street History.”
Business Insider comes across as both an essential read and a slightly illicit one. Like the Huffington Post and other digital competitors, it offers original reporting. Last May, in “How Goldman Sachs Blew the Facebook IPO,” Blodget revealed how Goldman lost the chance to be the lead underwriter in Facebook’s initial public offering. In “At Last—The Full Story of How Facebook Was Founded,” with access to previously undisclosed e-mails Nicholas Carlson, a reporter and an editor, looked into the founding of Facebook and questioned whether Mark Zuckerberg had stolen the idea for the social network from the Winklevoss brothers, at Harvard.
Often, though, Business Insider links to reported news—“Japanese Prime Minister Appoints New Head of the Bank of Japan”—and then adds its own commentary, as well as reactions from others. “It’s halfway between broadcast and print,” Blodget said, standing by his desk, his sandy hair flopping onto his forehead, his tie askew. “It’s conversational. There’s a real element of being on air when you’re at your desk.” Intrinsic to this conversation is speed; if the facts or conclusions turn out to be wrong, they can be fixed later. And, because Business Insider provides links to the original stories, Blodget insists that the site is sharing content, not stealing it. Like a tabloid editor, Blodget also knows how to attract readers. He often posts slide shows of photographs or charts, each on a separate page, which means that they produce more clicks, thereby boosting the site’s page-view count. Generally, the top posts include a business story—“10 Things You Need to Know Before the Opening Bell”—accompanied by an unrelated photograph of an attractive woman, usually with some cleavage showing. If Bloomberg and Fleshbot had an illegitimate child, it might look something like Business Insider.
Blodget once enjoyed a grander stage. In the late nineties, he was a research analyst covering the Internet sector for Merrill Lynch. He was named to Institutional Investor’s All-Star Analysts team three years in a row, and was omnipresent on CNBC and on Lou Dobbs’s “Moneyline,” on CNN. Although he may have flashed his toothy smile a little too often and unctuously praised his interviewers for their profound insights, his assertive optimism was welcomed by television outlets eager to expound on the new tech economy. Blodget offered tales of such start-ups as Amazon, Yahoo, eBay, and Netscape. He was paid handsomely for his expertise, and for his opinionated reports. Even when he was wrong, it didn’t stain his reputation. Not long after the 2000 merger of AOL and Time Warner, Blodget predicted that within two years the resulting enterprise would become the world’s most valuable company. It turned out to be the most disastrous merger in corporate history. Meanwhile, Blodget’s compensation at Merrill Lynch rose from three million dollars, in 1999, to twelve million, in 2001.
But when the dot-com bubble burst, in 2000, and investors’ cumulative wealth shrank by five trillion dollars, they sought culprits. Eliot Spitzer, then the New York State Attorney General, became their champion. Spitzer wanted to know why the research departments at so many Wall Street firms, instead of issuing warnings, released reports designed to gain favor with companies at the expense of investors. Blodget’s Internet proselytizing made him a compelling target. Spitzer sifted through heaps of e-mails and research reports from Merrill Lynch, and uncovered e-mails that suggested that Blodget consistently misled investors by publicly praising digital companies that, privately, he described as “dogs” or as a “POS” (a piece of shit). In November, 2001, Blodget accepted a buyout offer from Merrill Lynch. The Securities and Exchange Commission launched its own investigation and, in April of 2003, concluded that Blodget had issued reports on seven Internet companies that “expressed views inconsistent with privately expressed negative views” of those companies. Blodget accepted a civil settlement, agreeing to pay a four-million-dollar penalty and bowing to a permanent ban on working in the securities industry.
He was convinced that his public life was over. “I almost felt a physical weight of public disapproval,” he told me, looking down toward his shoes. Numerous observers were irate that he was appointed the editor of Business Insider. “In other countries, he and many others would have had their fingers chopped off by now or still been in jail,” a reader on the Motley Fool Web site commented. Another reader denounced him as a “scumbag,” and compared him to Spitzer, who was forced to resign as governor when it was disclosed that he fraternized with prostitutes. Even now, Steve Shepard, the dean of the Graduate School of Journalism at the City University of New York, says that he doesn’t read Business Insider. Shepard was the editor-in-chief of BusinessWeek in 2000, and he still holds Blodget partly responsible for the collapse of the market. “I don’t trust him, and I just can’t forgive him for his deceit,” Shepard said. “A lot of people suffered—lost jobs, lost income, lost pensions. Blodget wasn’t the only villain, or even the primary cause of the boom and bust, but he typified the worst of the excesses on Wall Street. Blodget was dishonest and deeply cynical. Journalists should be the opposite. It hurts me to see him ply our trade.”
At Business Insider, Blodget has launched a second act. The site has attracted more than thirteen million dollars in venture capital so far, and Blodget recently installed a deputy, Joe Weisenthal, as his first executive editor. But profits were only two thousand dollars in 2010, and the site’s business plan is similar to the plans of many high-traffic, low-margin competitors. The question, Blodget says, is: “Can you build a self-sustaining publication online, or does it have to be subsidized by Bloomberg or G.E.?” Blodget has always been a superb salesman. “He’s whip smart,” Peter Kafka, who was one of the first two reporters Blodget hired at Business Insider and who now covers the media and technology for All Things D, a Wall Street Journal site, said. “He’s an excellent communicator.” Kafka added, “He has a great Barnum in him.”
Henry Blodget grew up on Manhattan’s Upper East Side, the oldest of three children. His father was a successful banker, and his mother was an elementary-school teacher. At Phillips Exeter Academy, he played tennis and worked on the school paper and the yearbook. He was accepted at Yale, where his father had been a star athlete. (A few years ago, Blodget and his father were ranked nationally as doubles partners in the Super-Senior Father/Son Tournament.)
At Yale, Blodget was a history major and, he said, “a loner.” Leigh Raymond, who teaches political science at Purdue University, was Henry’s roommate during their four years at Yale. When they met, Raymond, who had attended public school in Rochester, New York, was struck by Blodget’s self-assurance and range: Blodget played tennis, chess, and Frisbee, rock-climbed, sang a cappella, and was practicing for a pilot’s license. Blodget’s aplomb “intimidated people,” Raymond recalled; some students considered him aloof, because “he was not a big person for small talk.” Unlike many seniors in 1988, who were eager to join Wall Street firms, Henry “was in the group looking for other options,” Raymond said. James Bennet, the editor of The Atlantic and a friend and former classmate, recalls Blodget as “intense, determined, and a guy with a lot of interests. I did not expect him to turn up on Wall Street.” Blodget spent a year teaching English in Japan, in a rural community several hours west of Osaka. Afterward, he moved to San Francisco and again roomed with Raymond, who had a job in the city. Blodget was a good enough tennis player to become an instructor. At night, he worked on a six-hundred-page memoir about his year in Japan.
“I thought it would lead to journalism,” he said. “I always liked the idea of writing, but I was sort of brainwashed into thinking that what every writer should want to do is write fiction—you want to be Hemingway.” He enjoyed writing, he said, because “it sounded like it was about as far as you could get from the corporate rat race, which in those days I wanted to avoid. It also sounded glamorous and independent and cool.” When he couldn’t get his book published, Blodget moved to New York. He took a series of junior editorial jobs: as a fact-checker at the National Audubon Society, a proofreader at Harper’s, a reporter at a small newspaper in Massachusetts, and a reporter on the business-news desk at CNN, which ignited his interest in business.
In 1994, Blodget joined the corporate-finance training program at Prudential Securities, where he learned how to read spreadsheets and do financial analysis. The first Netscape browser had recently been introduced. Unlike most of the senior executives, Blodget was digitally adept, and he was asked to join the technology group. At the end of his second year, he saw that the research functions of Wall Street firms were expanding. He joined Oppenheimer & Co., where he analyzed and wrote reports on e-commerce start-ups and was promoted to reviewing Internet companies. In 1997, he met a graduate student at the baggage carrousel of the San Francisco airport; she received a Ph.D. in film studies from Berkeley, and they married in 2001. (Today, she is a teacher, and they have two young daughters.) At work, he delved into spreadsheets and interviewed people, gathered facts, and then composed narratives about how the companies he reviewed might grow.
Blodget first attracted public attention in December, 1998. At the time, most analysts were focussing on Amazon’s lack of profits; Blodget analyzed the company’s swift revenue growth and projected its expansion for the next five years, predicting that its stock price would jump from two hundred and forty dollars to four hundred dollars a share. Jonathan Cohen, Merrill Lynch’s Internet analyst, disparaged the forecast, but within a month Amazon’s share price had exceeded five hundred dollars. Requests for Blodget press interviews poured in.
Blodget had a facility for numbers and spreadsheets, and, he said, “an ability to take a tech or Internet concept and explain it in a way that people understood.” He also had a compelling new story to tell. Bob Pittman, who was then running AOL and knew Blodget, said, “Henry managed to grasp that the Internet would be part of every business.”
In 1999, Blodget replaced Cohen at Merrill Lynch and was seen by Wall Street and by the press as an Internet oracle. David Callahan, the author of “The Cheating Culture: Why More Americans Are Doing Wrong to Get Ahead,” described Blodget to me as “one of the great hype masters and cheerleaders for stocks that, in retrospect, were not worth much.” Eric Von der Porten, then a hedge-fund manager at Leeward Investments, in California, complained to regulators about Blodget’s Internet boosterism. “I rarely saw much questioning of the company’s line,” he told the Times in 2001. But TV and Wall Street were enamored of the story Blodget spun. The business landscape was rapidly changing, and investors and the press craved “expert” guidance.
At the same time, Wall Street firms were consolidating. Brokerage houses like Merrill Lynch, which once focussed on individual investors, became financial supermarkets, offering a range of services, including investment banking. Analysts were no longer concerned solely with advising brokers about companies; their high public profiles gave their firms the allure necessary to attract potential corporate clients. The wall that had traditionally separated investment bankers from analysts began to crumble. Star analysts were highly paid. According to the S.E.C. investigation, there were periods when Blodget and his team devoted at least half their time “to assisting in investment banking efforts,” including attendance at business pitch meetings.
On January 11, 2001, Blodget published a report in which he gave the digital company GoTo.com a satisfactory 3-1 rating (neutral-buy), telegraphing to investors that GoTo was a stock that might be worth buying. But, according to the S.E.C., when an institutional client e-mailed Blodget that day to ask, “What’s so interesting about GoTo except banking fees????,” Blodget replied, “Nothin.” The disparity between Blodget’s public and private assessments continued. That May, bankers at Merrill Lynch proposed to GoTo that it underwrite a secondary stock offering for the company; Merrill Lynch would profit from the commission. Days later, GoTo informed Merrill’s bankers that it planned to award the business to another firm. Within days of losing the account, Blodget’s department publicly downgraded GoTo’s prospects.
In the consent decree that Blodget later signed with the S.E.C., he neither concedes nor denies guilt, and he is prohibited from explaining or defending his actions and his e-mails. But he was a true believer in the dot-com economy. He had personally invested seven hundred thousand dollars in tech stocks, much of which he lost in 2000. A former senior executive at Merrill Lynch told me that he believes Spitzer twisted the meaning of many of Blodget’s e-mails. He says that the e-mail in which Blodget was quoted describing a company as “a piece of shit” was actually written to a fellow-analyst urging him to lower, not raise, that company’s rating. “He didn’t have bad motives,” the executive said. “He so believed in the power of the Internet that he wanted people to believe in that story.” And this passion was reined in neither by experience nor by his superiors.
Spitzer came to see Blodget as a cog in a corrupt system. “The compensation system, the interweaving of the two sides—investment banking and research—inevitably led to pressures that individual analysts could not withstand,” Spitzer told me. “It led to analytical work that we believe was fundamentally false.” In 2002, Spitzer pressed David Komansky, the C.E.O. of Merrill Lynch, to settle the investigation and offer a public apology; Komansky declared that Blodget’s e-mails “fall far short of our professional standards.” The former senior executive at Merrill says that Spitzer strong-armed the firm: “ ‘If you start to present counter-arguments, you’ll be indicted.’ ”
Blodget had left Merrill Lynch by then. “I decided to become an investor with a hedge fund or a mutual fund,” he said. “I also wanted to write a book about the bubble.” He had already sold the rights to the book to Random House, but was prevented from publishing it by the S.E.C., which, in April, 2003, concluded that Blodget had committed fraud. He considered challenging the verdict, but he knew that the civil charge could become a criminal one; he told friends that he didn’t want to risk prison or a long trial, and settled.
“To be publicly accused of lying to everybody was not just devastating to my career but it was also devastating for me personally,” Blodget said over lunch at an Indian restaurant a few blocks from his office. “It sounds ironic, given the allegations, but I prided myself on calling it straight and telling it straight. I felt incredibly ashamed. I felt like I had let millions of people down—not just people at Merrill Lynch, and clients, and colleagues but millions of people who had been listening to me.”
I asked why he thought that he had let people down. He paused. “Well, as soon as the allegations hit, the assumption was that I hadn’t told the truth,” he said. “One of the mistakes I made was to think some of the subtlety I included in my reports was coming across.” In Blodget’s defense, friends compare the “flip” tone of his e-mails to the casual asides made by journalists in a newsroom who joke about annoying sources, or professors who grumble about their students. Spitzer categorically disagreed with that analogy, saying that e-mails often reveal one’s true feelings.
At the time, Blodget later wrote on his blog, he worried that “no one would ever be caught dead professionally associating with me again.” In 2004, Blodget says, he contacted Jacob Weisberg, the editor of Slate, to tell him that he wanted to cover the Martha Stewart trial. (Weisberg says that it was he who made the phone call.) Stewart had been charged with making false statements to federal authorities when she denied that she had received inside information prior to selling the stock she owned in ImClone, a company that developed biological treatments for cancer. Weisberg thought Blodget “deserved another chance,” and arranged for him to blog regularly from the trial. “Whatever you might think of his role at Merrill Lynch, he was a good writer,” Weisberg said. But he insisted that Blodget make “a full disclosure” to readers of Slate about his troubled past. Weisberg believed that Blodget’s humiliation would make him more “interesting on Martha.” He also knew that hiring Blodget would attract attention. A few years later, Weisberg also hired Spitzer as a commentator; he writes mostly about politics.
When Blodget first started blogging, he was assailed online as “scum,” “a boldfaced liar,” and a “dirtbag.” At Slate, he began each post about the Stewart trial with a link to a disclaimer “about his potential conflicts of interest.” The statement alerted readers to the S.E.C. charge and to his banishment from the securities industry. His dispatches from the trial, and more than a hundred pieces and columns that he wrote for Slate during the next couple of years—lambasting the stock-picking record of CNBC’s wildly popular Jim Cramer (“if on-air shouts, blurts, and Tourette’s-style tics can ever be called a ‘record’ ”)—were opinionated and lively. He could also be ingratiating and falsely humble. When Slate hired Spitzer, Blodget wrote a column for Business Insider bearing the headline “A Very Warm Welcome to My New Slate Colleague.” It described an awkward encounter with Spitzer some years earlier, in the buffet line at a Slate event—“flustered to suddenly find myself in the presence of my Destroyer”—and ended with “Welcome aboard, Eliot!”
In 2005, Kevin Ryan, who had been the C.E.O. of Doubleclick, the digital-ad company he helped sell earlier that year for just over a billion dollars, began searching for new entrepreneurial opportunities. He had followed Blodget’s reports on Slate and on his personal blog; in early 2007, Ryan approached Blodget with the idea of an online business publication and of making him its C.E.O. and its editor-in-chief. “Henry got it in three minutes,” Ryan recalled. We were sitting in a small, glassed conference room at the Gilt Groupe, an e-commerce start-up that he founded, and which also has offices on Park Avenue South.
That July, two reporters from Forbes.com, Peter Kafka and Dan Frommer, joined Blodget in setting up an office in the loading dock of one of Ryan’s start-ups. The three shared a single desk. Initially, the site was called the Silicon Alley Insider, a title that Ryan had come up with before he hired Blodget. They posted so frequently that their copy went up without being edited, a practice that’s still commonplace at the site. “We were going to be the equivalent of Tech Crunch for the New York tech scene,” Frommer, who left Business Insider in 2011 but remains a contributor, said. But, he added, “we learned early on not to limit reporting to New York and technology. It took me six months to hit my stride.” The first day, they had twenty-one hundred page views.
The site first drew attention, Frommer said, with an August 23, 2007, post by Blodget, “Mary Meeker’s YouTube Math.” Meeker, a Morgan Stanley analyst whom Blodget admired, was known in Silicon Valley as the Queen of the Web. Days earlier, she had reported in a Wall Street research report that YouTube would surprise people by selling $4.8 billion more in ads than analysts had predicted. Blodget redid her math and found that Meeker treated “cpm” as if it meant “cost per one,” not “cost per thousand,” meaning that her calculations were off by an order of a thousand. “What happens to Mary’s estimates when you do the math right?” Blodget wrote. “Well, that $4.8 billion of gross revenue becomes $4.8 million.” Meeker quickly issued a correction. “That was our first big story, and it got a lot of attention,” Frommer said.
To Blodget, Business Insider was not so much a news outlet as a rapid-fire conversation. “We were, effectively, a text-based talk-radio service, where every half hour or every hour we had a new blip of information, whether it be a news story or something entertaining,” Frommer said. “And then we’d kind of take calls.” An online conversation, and argument, with readers ensued. Nine months later, Julie Hansen, a vice-president at CSTV.com, a sports site, joined the company as its fifth employee and its publisher; by then, Business Insider was attracting three-quarters of a million unique visitors a month. By 2011, revenues totalled five million dollars—about a fifth of the revenues of the Huffington Post and Gawker Media—but the company made no profit. Blodget posted the results on the site. “Most private companies zealously protect details about financial and operating performance,” he wrote. “But I’m honestly not sure why. So we’re going to try an experiment. We’re going to disclose that stuff. Then we’re going to see if something horrible happens to us.”
In 2012, Business Insider lost three million dollars, which Ryan attributes to the cost of expansion. A fourth round of financing from investors had been launched, bringing the total invested to more than thirteen million dollars, and additional reporters, salespeople, and engineers had promptly been hired. The site also now includes verticals on science, politics, law, life style, and world events. Ryan claims that only half of the money that was raised has been spent, and that, had the company not chosen to expand, the business would have shown a profit. “For seven million dollars, we’ve created the new Wall Street Journal,” he said. He notes that journalism, whether print or digital, is “a bad business so far.” He added, “We’ll do eleven million dollars in revenues this year. That’s tiny. Ad rates are low. It’s tough to monetize.”
Today, eighty-five per cent of Business Insider dollars are generated from advertising. Most of the remaining revenue comes from paid conferences at which Blodget and members of his reporting staff—like the staff at Tech Crunch and the Wall Street Journal’s All Things D—interview media and tech leaders. The site has also hired several analysts to produce research reports on developments in the mobile industry. The result is something like a private magazine that several thousand individuals and businesses receive, for two hundred and ninety-nine dollars a year. Blodget says that this is “a subscription research business, not a consulting business.” Meanwhile, the Insider’s audience continues to substantially trail that of Buzzfeed and the Huffington Post/AOL, which compete for the same readers. Online will be “a great business,” Ryan said, only when “it is a must-read and advertisers feel they have to be there.”
Some still wonder whether Blodget can be trusted. On the site’s Water Cooler page, readers regularly attack his past. Others ask whether he’s pushing the stock of companies that he owns. When asked about this, Blodget responded, “My portfolio is primarily Index Funds and some legacy stocks I bought in the nineties—Amazon, Yahoo, AOL, and a little Microsoft.” Wall Street critics question how someone who has been banned from the securities industry can be allowed to judge companies publicly. A senior Wall Street executive, asked if he trusted Blodget, said, “Of course not. This doesn’t mean he can’t have good ideas. But he’s a promoter.” Blodget says that “the key difference” between judging companies on Wall Street and in journalism “is that, on Wall Street, I was viewed as a financial adviser.” Online, he said, he neither makes recommendations nor offers “financial advice.” Still, he does not shy away from issuing admonitions, such as the one he made in mid-January, when he warned Business Insider readers that Apple’s stock might be “in the first stages of a Yahoo-like decline.”
Blodget’s stories are often supplemented by an analysis of a company’s performance along with a highlighted financial chart. During the December budget-cliff negotiations between President Obama and Congress, Blodget posted, “Sorry, Folks, We Don’t Just Have ‘A Spending Problem.’ ” The piece contained eighteen charts showing that Republicans were wrong to insist that taxes are too high; according to Blodget’s charts, taxes make up only seventeen per cent of the G.D.P., “a historically low level.” Jonah Peretti, a co-founder of the Huffington Post and the founder and C.E.O. of Buzzfeed, said, “I love when Henry does these long pieces on companies”—Apple, AOL, Facebook. “Usually, such analysis is not for free.”
Meanwhile, Blodget continues to try to entertain. In January, after flying home economy class from the World Economic Forum, in Davos, he posted a theatrical account headlined “I Was Quite Surprised by Some Things on My American Airlines International ‘Economy Class’ Flight.” He included twenty-three captioned photographs that he took with his phone—of his free pillow and blanket, of the tight knee space—and noted that the tortellini in cheese sauce was “fine,” the pizza was “perfectly edible,” and there were no power plugs for laptops. Andrew Leonard, on Salon, called it “the stupidest article to be posted to the Internet in the year 2013—and possibly the entire century.”
The post is consistent with a conscious decision that Blodget says he made at the outset “to put the fun back in business” by making light of people in the news and of himself. “If we see something is funny, we don’t wait to see if the Pulitzer Committee likes it,” he said. “We post it.” Not everything is funny. Last May, Blodget drew heavy fire for a lightweight post titled “Why Do Some People Hate Jews?” and featuring a photograph of two Orthodox men. Blodget quickly tacked an apology on to the post (“I now regret writing it”), changed the headline (“What Are the Sources of Anti-Semitism?”), and substituted a photograph of Natalie Portman, whom he had recently learned is Jewish. In January, The Awl, a news and culture Web site, posted an essay, “I Want to Know What’s Wrong with Being an Internet Troll,” under Blodget’s name. “It’s weirdly freeing,” the alleged author boasted. “Once you realize that, for the rest of your life, everyone is going to point fingers at you in the public square and hiss, ‘Scumbag,’ having them also think you’re an idiot is a small price to pay, particularly if you can monetize the imbecility.” At the end, small print notified readers that “Henry Blodget asked us to make clear that this is a piece of parody which he did not himself write.” Blodget insists that he didn’t read the satire, though he did laugh at the headline. “I thought it was funny,” he said.
“Henry’s bias is easy to see,” Peter Kafka said. “He wants people to pay attention. The trust issue is: Does he really mean what he writes because of his convictions, or because he wants attention and a new angle of attack?” The C.E.O. of a digital company that has sometimes been in Business Insider’s crosshairs said that the site’s criticism too often springs from a desire to stand out: “The tactical nature of the coverage is around gaining audience scale through shock value.”
Blodget says that he is untroubled by this skepticism. He admits that he is still self-conscious about his past, which is why he’s quick to inform readers or audiences of it. “It’s a big deal. It’s never something that is going to be permanently in the past,” he said. He argues that his experience has made him a better journalist: “One of the messages I always try to leave our team with is: ‘Look, there are probably some horrible people in the world, but, even if somebody is guilty of what they are accused of, it may be that they are a good person who made a mistake. Let’s not rush out and completely shred them.’ ”
Lengthy investigative pieces are rare on all-digital platforms. They are expensive to produce and, given a readership that has an average of four minutes to spare, not likely to attract a large audience. As economically beleaguered newspapers invest less in long-form reporting, digital publications are unlikely to invest more. “I talked to a journalist, and he said, ‘We have a lot of great scoops,’ ” Ryan told me. “I said, ‘Scoops are irrelevant. They take two days to report. They’re not worth it. If someone has a scoop, we post it four minutes later.’ ”
Consumers, Ryan argued, now want “faster coverage and shorter stories. Twenty-five years ago, you learned things from Time.” Today, online publications offer “a two-way street,” as the audience feeds information and corrects facts. Blodget describes traditional media as a “lean-back” medium, while online is lean-forward: “It’s quick hits, because people are at work. They have limited time. It’s about efficiency.”
That argument has been around for years. Despite the limitations of online journalism and the vulnerabilities of print, Gordon Crovitz, a former publisher of the Wall Street Journal and one of six Business Insider board members, is optimistic: “We’ve gone from an era when people were afraid that journalism would disappear to an era when the question is: What are the new business models that will support it?” Crovitz, who co-founded and sold a company that helped publishers create a pay model for their online editions, estimated that four hundred U.S. newspapers now charge for their digital editions, and said that “for old newspapers, the biggest driver of new revenues is online subscriptions.” But these are not likely to return newspapers to vigorous health. According to a study by the Pew Research Center’s Project for Excellence in Journalism, newspaper print-advertising dollars are shrinking about seven times faster than digital ad revenues are rising.
Online publications are still testing out business models. Recently, Andrew Sullivan announced that his publication, The Dish, would be available by subscription only. It now accepts no ads; he charges twenty dollars a year, although subscribers are free to donate as much as they like. Among the biggest changes online is a shift away from the assumption that online information should be free. People have proved willing to pay for apps, e-books, music on iTunes, videos on Netflix, Amazon, or YouTube—why not for written news and commentary?
Unlike the founders of such digital companies as Apple, Google, or Facebook, who believed that their work was a cause as well as a business, to Blodget and Ryan the news is, above all, a business. “I expect that someday Business Insider will be acquired by someone,” a board member confided. “These companies need innovation and fresh thinking,” Blodget told me. “We either will become part of a larger enterprise or become the larger enterprise.”
Blodget confided something that he said he’s never shared publicly. “I love what I’m doing, and I think it’s unlikely that I would ever work on Wall Street again, even if it were just up to me,” he wrote in an e-mail. “But, ten years ago, I got what amounted to a dishonorable discharge from the industry, and I’ve always been ashamed of that. At some point, if it seems appropriate, I would like to explore the possibility of being reinstated.” Other Wall Street figures have appealed S.E.C. bans and been reinstated, but none were as prominent as Blodget. If he succeeds, this will be his biggest sale yet.



https://www.newyorker.com/books/page-turner/books-not-booze-in-russian-night-clubs
Books, Not Booze, in Russian Night Clubs?
Vsevolod Chaplin, an archpriest and spokesman for the Russian Orthodox Church, has had a few wild ideas in recent months. In January, he caught the ire of everyone except other R.O.C. archpriests when he remarked: “A woman who is barely dressed or made up like a clown will certainly not find a man as a partner in life with an ounce of sense or self-respect…. If she is wearing a miniskirt, it is provocative. If she is drunk at the same time then she is even more provocative, and if she herself is actively seeking contact with people and is then surprised when that contact ends in rape she is wrong.” Women, he thought, confused the city streets with strip clubs. His solution? Russia should have a dress code. Yes, the idea was laughed into oblivion by Russian oligarchs and the D&G-(barely)-clad mistresses of Russian oligarchs everywhere.
Now, perhaps reasoning that if Russians got all dressed up but had no (fun) place to go, they’d embrace his sumptuary suggestions, he has proposed the establishment of night clubs stocked not with vodka but with literature and tea, which would stay open until 5 A.M. “When people say that any nightclub is necessarily a brothel, or a drug den, or a gathering place for alcoholics, their vision has been corrupted,” he said in an interview on Russian television. He envisions a series of “spritual nightclubs,” where young people can “have the opportunity for serious dialogue, reading, and unhurried conversation so they can have a cup of tea.”
Perhaps it is my advancing age, but I think the idea of tea houses stocked with books that stay open until 5 A.M. is awesome, and I wish they had them in New York—not instead of bars, but in addition to bars. But when I G-chatted Julia Ioffe, who lives in Moscow and writes about Russia for the magazine, and asked whether she thought the idea would fly, she said: “No. They’ve tried to do this before.” And when I said, “But I think it sounds great! They’ll be filled with books and tea,” she said: “And deserted. So dumb.” Well, Julia would know: in addition to having a life that includes going out at night, she’s written about the booze-and-nightclub-fueled culture of infidelity in her home country. In a recent article in Slate, she described how Moscow got turned upside down at the end of the last century, with the oil boom and “the overnight arrival of market capitalism”:
Suddenly, there was no one to forbid anything or to admonish anyone. Everything that could be had, was; one needed only the will to acquire it. All of this has thrown Moscow into a consumer-driven hedonism that would make an American mall rat blush.
Read her article: it will make you blush. In light of the problems, Chaplin’s draconian response to the lasciviousness of his culture is understandable, but also obviously inept and sexist. Or, as Julia says, so dumb.
Hoping for some uplifting kernel from our exchange, I asked Julia what literary Muscovites’ drink of choice was: “Expensive rums or whiskeys,” she said. So they’re discerning!, I thought. She went on: “Or vodka or wine or beer. They’ll drink anything.” Except tea, I guess.



https://www.newyorker.com/books/page-turner/weekly-reader-2
Weekly Reader
Hands-down my favorite read this week was Jack Shafer’s diatribe in Slate against editors taking credit, written in response to the New York Times Magazine’s recent decision to start publishing editors’ names and e-mails at the end of every piece. Shafer writes:
Let me tell you a thing or two about editors. Most that I’ve known have mistakenly thought they, and not the writers, deserved the credit for all the good pieces that run in their publication and none of the blame for the bad ones. (I think this held true for me, too, when I was an editor!) Try complimenting an editor sometime about a good piece in his publication, and you’re certain to get this eye-rolling response: “You shoulda seen it when it came in!” For this reason alone, editors should be sentenced to perpetual anonymity. I would make it illegal to reveal the names of editors if I were dictator of the world.
He then talks about how “credit-making and -taking” our society has become, and ends his piece with a long list of names involved in its creation. It’s funny, because, as Shafer notes, only other people in the biz care about who edited what, and I totally liked learning who edits Shafer. Way to go, Michael Newman! Really nice work, Chad Lorenz! But there are good reasons why certain things are secret, and it’s probably the case that the inside has gotten a little too outside.
Earlier in the week, a friend loaned me Darcy O’Brien’s 1977 novel “A Way of Life, Like Any Other,” which the Guardian just named one of the “ten best neglected literary classics.” It’s a riveting tale of Hollywood in the nineteen-forties and fifties, told by a young man whose parents are fallen stars of the silver screen. Seamus Heaney writes in his introduction to the book that its “high spirits and disrespect” will make readers think of Joyce, and it does make me think of Joyce’s stories: it’s crisp and vivid and tautly written and the characters and descriptions are wonderful. For some reason, this passage about an avocado is the one I can’t get out of my mind:
“People should eat two or three avocados a day,” Sterling said. “The Mexicans understand this better than we do. I always know I’m recovering when I can eat avocados again. I like them plain, maybe with a little lemon juice. Some people like a vinaigrette sauce. There’s no better breakfast than an avocado sliced on a piece of whole wheat toast and a cup of coffee. Black coffee, no sugar. People eat too much sugar anyway. It even looks nice, the dark green of the avocado and the black coffee. Sometimes I just look at it for a while before I start. Then there’s guacamole, of course. It’s going to be the most popular dip in the US in five years’ time. Around five o’clock if I’m feeling pretty good, I mix up some guacamole….”
It goes on for another half a page until another character says:
“Would you shut up with your goddamned avocados!”
But O’Brien doesn’t shut up: the avocados recur. He is very good at describing them, and also at describing sex, but I won’t quote those bits here.
Now, speaking of good fiction and how it might wind up on a top-ten list of neglected classics, a conversation about whether there is any good fiction being written these days on the Web site Marginal Revolution (and continued on the Daily Dish), piqued my interest. It began with a comment from a reader who thought that while the quality of non-fiction writing was rising, the quality of fiction was falling, perhaps because it was no longer as culturally relevant. Another reader answered:
I think it’s insane to say that the quality of fiction has declined. I also think any idea that it was more culturally central is also silly. I don’t think fiction has ever been culturally central, at least as far as literature goes, because I don’t think reading as a whole has been culturally central beyond the educated upper classes ever. Now is probably the most literate age in history.
But I think you have to really dig to get past the crap, now more than ever, simply because so much is being published. Zadie Smith’s novels were brilliant; Helen DeWitt put out a masterpiece for her first novel; Haruki Murakami continues to put out great work. I also think that as you read more, you need something unique or unusual. You can’t read just another damn bildungsroman like the hundred you’ve read before. You can’t read another tale of heartbreak. It makes most novels seem dull.
It’s an interesting conundrum, I think: the more literature we publish, the more we consume, the more difficult it is to find things we enjoy consuming because we consume so much. I think the answer might be….to read our way through the neglected-classics list, and accept that no matter what we do, some of today’s best books are going to wind up there in the future.



https://www.newyorker.com/culture/richard-brody/there-in-somewhere
There in “Somewhere”
I caught up this morning with Nathan Heller’s response, on Slate, to my discussion of his recent post on Sofia Coppola. His argument is interesting—he says that Coppola’s films endorse only “ordinary middle-class pleasures, and their thrill is in social connection and the kinetics of youth. They are about breaking past surfaces, toward an intimate, aesthetic transcendence”—but contrived. Occam’s Razor (the only razor I’m likely to use) helps trim the discussion to the contours of the movies. Coppola’s films are inseparable from the pleasure of looking—not of looking through or past the world but of looking at it; there’s joy, even exultation, but no transcendence, which implies leaving the material realm behind. Her movies reflect the inner life with nuance and feeling—but their surfaces and their depths are inseparable.
What happens at the swimming pool in “Somewhere” is something like happiness; but so is what happens while eating gelato in a palatial Italian hotel, and so is the way Los Angeles looks from inside—or from behind—a Ferrari. In “Marie Antoinette,” Coppola authentically and vigorously delights in the exquisite finery that royalty can afford, as does the young queen herself—even if that glorious surfeit isn’t what ultimately matters most for either of them. The queen’s personal triumph, the Petit Trianon, is Coppola’s off-Versailles, a place of her own, made to her own aesthetic tastes, uniting more modest material pleasures, less formal society, and contemplative ease (but certainly not abstemiousness, austerity, or indifference to surfaces and material charm). And the first sublime luxuries in Coppola’s films? Hollywood’s own, the cinematography and the stars—the money that goes on the screen—but which she deploys in a distinctive, engaged, personal, and well-considered way. That sort of engagement—a beauty that is no mere consumption but that reflects an emotional commitment to its creation and an understanding of its place in the world—is what she achieves, even when her characters don’t; the quest for it, or the lack of a quest for it, is precisely the subject of her films.
P.S. Coppola’s visual world suggests nothing of what Heller calls “vacation-package surfaces,” though it’s revealing that this is how he trivializes visual beauty; a reminder, if one were needed, that there’s no more dematerializing and anti-sensual practice than criticism in search of messages.



https://www.newyorker.com/books/page-turner/literary-smackdown-rap-battle
Literary Smackdown: Rap Battle
Duelling m.c.s, nose-to-nose freestyle battles, coast-versus-coast wars of words or worse—the history of rap is a history of confrontation. So it makes sense that the first big university-press anthology of the genre has generated an intriguing and rather tense literary smackdown.
In one corner, you’ve got Adam Bradley and Andrew DuBois, editors of “The Anthology of Rap,” published by [Yale University Press](http://yalepress.yale.edu/yupbooks/book.asp?isbn=9780300141900) last month to admiring reviews, perhaps most notably from Sam Anderson in New York magazine, who proclaimed that he was “evangelically excited” about the book, which he called the “English major’s hip-hop bible.” The focus of the book is lyrics, or as Anderson put it:
It is, in other words, pure rap: just the verbal magic, triple-distilled, free from the superfluity of hooks, beats, sales, bling, clothes, videos, hairstyles, and even the voices of the rappers themselves.
(A reasonable person might argue that those other qualities, at least hooks and beats, are anything but superfluous, and NPR’s music blog has a great exchange with Anderson about listening to hip-hop.)
In addition to framing essays and commentary, the book parses hundreds of lyrics, and has led many to ask or re-ask a popular question associated with the genre: is rap poetry? (Kevin Young’s review at Bookforum is a good place to start on this question.) This is a book on music that is principally interested in words, which leads us to the other corner, where stands Paul Devlin, whose article last week at Slate identified what he read (and heard) as scores of transcription errors in “The Anthology of Rap.”
This is not a game of gotcha. But this book, with its university-press imprimatur, will be quoted from by future students and scholars, and while much of it is accurate, too much of it is not.
It may not have been a “gotcha” article, but Devlin goes on to lay out about a dozen examples of what he considers errors, complete with audio recordings of the disputed lines. It’s good fun to run the player and try to decipher the words in question. An especially interesting one is what Devlin calls the widely disputed Ol’ Dirty Bastard lyric from “Brooklyn Zoo.” Is it, “I drop science like girls be droppin babies” (as the editors have it), or “I drop science like Cosby drop the babies” (as Devlin hears it)? It’s a tough call, but in this example, as in the others, this unschooled ear sides with Devlin. (It also makes for a much more sophisticated and funny line if O.D.B. is referring to the besweatered Cosby.)
Devlin acknowledges that transcribing hip-hop is a difficult and often highly subjective task, and credits the book with correcting some of his own longstanding misheard lines. At this point, we’d not yet reached smackdown status. Polite quibbling, no matter how trenchant, is different from battling. Go forward a week, though, and things start to heat up. On Wednesday, Slate published a follow-up from Devlin, in which he noted that a blogger, Jay Smooth, had started tracking what he alleged as more errors in the book. Smooth and Devlin had approached the same conclusion: the editors and their research assistants hadn’t made reasonable mistakes of interpretation, but may have relied on transcriptions from the popular but unreliable Online Hip Hop Lyrics Archive, a Web site featuring lyrics assembled by fans. (Devlin includes a chart that shows where the errors in the book match errors on the fan site; this smackdown, like most of the literary variety, is being conducted by our kind of people: nerds.)
Devlin’s follow-up includes a lengthy exchange with Adam Bradley, one of the book’s editors, who defends the process of transcription that was used in compiling lyrics. Bradley also admits that they made mistakes:
Yes, the book has transcription errors. I’ve found some. So has my co-editor. I hope our readers will, too. Our goal from the beginning has been to make each printing (it’s about to enter its second) more accurate than the last.
So, point to Devlin on this one, on a T.K.O. We’re taught to be gracious in victory, but Devlin can’t help but end with a little strut:
Perhaps with our help, the folks who fork out $35 for the second edition will get a better product—and scholars of rap will have a better resource to use in their studies.
