https://www.npr.org/2017/12/02/567882076/fact-check-how-does-paul-ryans-case-for-tax-cuts-match-the-facts
FACT CHECK: How Does Paul Ryan's Case For Tax Cuts Match The Facts?
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., is moving close to victory. After a frustrating year in which Republicans who control Congress failed to repeal or replace the Affordable Care Act, Congress is moving closer to approving its first major legislation of 2017.

Senate Republicans Pass Massive Tax Overhaul
POLITICS
Senate Republicans Pass Massive Tax Overhaul
The House and Senate have passed differing versions of the measure — the Senate narrowly passed its bill early Saturday morning. The two bills now are to be reconciled and sent to President Trump's desk.

In an NPR interview Thursday, Ryan offered a detailed defense of the tax bill. What follows are some of Ryan's statements, in bold — and some of the facts behind them.

"We wanted a middle-class tax cut. We wanted to have a system that's more fair, much simpler."

There is no reason to doubt that this was one of Ryan's goals. Helping the middle class is the lodestar for politicians in both parties. Ryan rarely misses a chance to note his roots in blue-collar Janesville, Wis., and the bill does reduce tax rates for the middle class.

Transcript: Paul Ryan's Full Interview With NPR's Steve Inskeep
POLITICS
Transcript: Paul Ryan's Full Interview With NPR's Steve Inskeep
However, Ryan was working with President Trump, who wanted a tax cut for corporations. Ryan said the bill was "designed" as a middle-class tax cut, but the core of the resulting bill is really the corporate tax cut. Republicans also were determined to lower tax rates for the wealthiest individuals and abolish the estate tax, paid only by individuals who leave more than $5.49 million to their heirs.

Because congressional rules limit the overall size of the tax cut, tax relief for businesses and the wealthy leaves fewer savings to spread around to everyone else.

"The average tax cut for a middle-class family is going to be $1,182."

The key word is "average." Some middle-class families will indeed see a tax cut. Others in the very same income brackets will not. Why the difference? It's because of how the House went about that goal of making the tax code "much simpler."

5 Ways Congressional Tax Legislation Would Transform Health Care
SHOTS - HEALTH NEWS
5 Ways Congressional Tax Legislation Would Transform Health Care
The bill increases the standard deduction for taxpayers who do not itemize deductions. That amounts to a tax cut for them. But the bill also eliminates deductions taken by many who itemize. Those people may face higher tax bills.

For example, NPR recently reported on the effect of eliminating a tax deduction for medical expenses. In our interview, Ryan downplayed the effects of this change.

"[The person claiming it] is typically a higher-income person. ... You have to make a pretty good amount of money before you can even enjoy the ability to use that tax deduction."

NPR health policy correspondent Alison Kodjak has reported otherwise. In a Nov. 17 report, Kodjak noted that the deduction — which can only be claimed when medical expenses not covered by insurance exceed 10 percent of your income — is commonly used by many parents of disabled children and the elderly on fixed incomes.

"The IRS says about 9 million people take the deduction," she reports. "And their median income is about $55,000 a year."

Eliminating deductions like this are what make room for big items like the corporate tax cut — and remember, it's all connected. Tax cuts tend to increase the federal deficit, and congressional rules limit how much Republicans can do that. So a tax cut in one part of the economy may need to be offset by higher taxes in another.

"This [tax bill] is going to produce economic growth. The Tax Foundation, a nonpartisan think tank, showed that because of the tax relief in this bill and the pro-growth provisions in this bill, particularly for businesses to expense and hire and build more factories in America, that will lead to about $1 trillion in additional revenue because of faster economic growth."

First, the Tax Foundation is not a "nonpartisan think tank," as Ryan suggests. It's actually right-leaning.

David Wessel of the Brookings Institution and the The Wall Street Journal — who also questioned the Tax Foundation's point of view (it's "nominally nonpartisan," he said, but "clearly anti-tax") — noted there is "general agreement" among economists that some parts of the tax plan will "encourage more business investment."

Speaker Ryan On Sexual Harassment: 'We Are Having A Watershed Moment In This Country'
POLITICS
Speaker Ryan On Sexual Harassment: 'We Are Having A Watershed Moment In This Country'
A provision making it easier to write off new investments should be particularly helpful, for example. What about a plan to cut the top business tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent? That's "probably a plus for investment," Wessel said, "but it rewards profits on old investments — not what we should want to do. It is also creating a huge [budget] hole that will have to be filled with tax hikes or spending cuts down the road."

In other words, no, it won't pay for itself. Ryan claims $1 trillion in additional revenue, but the Joint Committee on Taxation says the bill will actually cost $1 trillion.

"I come from Wisconsin. The biggest company ... headquartered in Wisconsin used to be Johnson Controls. Johnson Controls is now an Irish company. Their worldwide tax rate is 12.5 percent, because they became an Irish company, not 35 percent. ... We better get competitive with the way we tax our businesses."

Here, analyst David Wessel acknowledges the problem, but questions the solution.

"Yes, the current tax code encourages companies to move abroad," Wessel said. "That's why do many are doing it. But is the right strategy the race to the bottom? They cut their tax rates, so we cut ours, so then what do they do?"

"I don't think [the tax bill] will increase the deficit."

Ryan can only say that this is what he thinks. It is very hard to prove that tax cuts produce so much economic growth that people end up paying more taxes than they were before.

Congressional budget scorekeepers are now using "dynamic scoring," in which they attempt to forecast the effects of tax changes on tax revenue, but analyses of the Senate bill showed it would come up far short of paying for itself.

In fact, not a single nonpartisan analysis — from the Joint Committee on Taxation to the Tax Policy Center to the Congressional Budget Office — has found this to be the case for the bills going through Congress.

Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has also promised the tax cuts will pay for themselves, but his department was unable to produce an analysis to back him up.

For all of his faith in tax cuts and growth, Ryan could only go so far in our interview.

"I'm telling you, that's what I believe will happen," he said. "I'm not going to tell you I'm sure."



https://www.npr.org/2017/12/01/567446997/tax-bill-would-give-small-brewers-a-big-break
Tax Bill Would Give Small Brewers A Big Break
Craft breweries might be about to crack open a celebratory cold one.

Under the Senate tax bill, alcohol producers would save $4.2 billion from 2018 to 2019, according to Congress' Joint Committee on Taxation.

The measure would help small-brewery owners like Kevin Sharpe, the founder and president of Dark City Brewing Co. He hopes to use the extra money to expand his business in Asbury Park, N.J.

"More money means better beer, and hopefully more of it," he said.

Sen. Rob Portman, R-Ohio, pushed for the provisions in the Senate Finance Committee, which will help breweries of all sizes.

"This legislation is only going to promote the expansion and the jobs that come with these entrepreneurial small businesses," he said.

Tapping Rural America: Craft Breweries Pour New Life Into Small Towns
Tapping Rural America: Craft Breweries Pour New Life Into Small Towns
Bart Watson, chief economist for the Brewers Association, a trade group of more than 7,200 smaller brewers, agrees that tax cuts would help the industry.

"We're hopeful that recalibration of the federal excise tax for small brewers would allow them more working capital to reinvest in their businesses and hopefully grow a little bit faster," he said.

Bob Pease, the trade group's CEO, said the Portman amendment would keep the tax cut in place for just two years. But Pease added, "We believe that the job creation that comes from this bill will incentivize Congress to make [the tax cut] permanent."

Watson notes that big brewers like Anheuser-Busch — which brews Budweiser, Rolling Rock and dozens of other beers — would get some tax relief too. "They would stand to get $12 million — which is a lot of money in absolute terms — but in percentage of their tax bill revenue, that's very, very small, " he said.

Small or not, Anheuser-Busch hired 19 lobbying firms in addition to its in-house lobbyists to work on the company's tax issues this year.

Maya MacGuineas, president of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, says there's harm in special consideration to industries as a result of lobbying.

"Maybe it's just because everyone's going to need a stiff drink after adding a trillion dollars to the national debt," she said, "but you want to know if [tax breaks] come from an economic reason — not from special interest lobbying, which unfortunately is more often the case when you see tax favoritism like this."

MacGuineas adds that "temporary tax policies are a terrible way to do business." Nonpermanent tax cuts like this one, she said, take away certainty for business owners.

Some small craft brewery owners say the potential cuts would make a world of a difference for their companies.

Equipment inside Kevin Sharpe's brewery, the Dark City Brewing Co., in Asbury Park, N.J.
Courtesy of Kevin Sharpe
Sharpe, the New Jersey business owner, says his brewery is "as small as they come," with five full-time and three part-time employees. They brewed 1,100 barrels in 2016. By comparison, Anheuser-Busch produced more than 100 million barrels last year.

The Senate measure would slash the federal excise tax to $3.50 from $7 per barrel on the first 60,000 barrels for brewers that produce fewer than 2 million barrels a year. It also would reduce the federal excise tax from $18 to $16 per barrel on the first 6 million barrels for all other brewers.

For small brewers, lower taxes would be a welcome change because competition is intense. A decade ago, about 1,500 small breweries were operating nationwide. Now, that number is approaching 6,000.

"There's a lot of competition out there," Sharpe said. "Cutting our quarterly excise tax in half would give us this awesome amount of money lying around, so we could boost our quality control lab, buy more new, exciting hops, and hire more employees."

For companies the size of Dark City, the tax break's savings would have a disproportionately big impact, according to the Brewers Association. "We think the vast majority of this benefit accrues to the smallest brewers in the country," Watson said.

Does Sharpe think that this will lower the cost of his craft beer?

"Unfortunately, no," he says. "It'll just make it easier for small breweries like us to stay in business."



https://www.npr.org/2017/11/02/561639579/chart-how-the-tax-overhaul-would-affect-you
CHART: How The Republican Tax Overhaul Would Affect You
Late on Tuesday, Senate Republicans released an updated version of their tax overhaul, and while the new Senate plan maintains many of the same ideas of the House bill released last week and the prior Senate version — a steep corporate tax cut and bigger standard deductions, for example — it also departs sharply in a few ways. Chief among these is that the new Senate proposal would sunset most of the individual tax breaks in 2025 while keeping corporate cuts permanent.

A Math 'Gimmick'? GOP Proposes Creating New Tax Policies, Then Letting Them Expire
POLITICS
A Math 'Gimmick'? GOP Proposes Creating New Tax Policies, Then Letting Them Expire
Here's a look at some of the changes that individual filers could expect if either the House or Senate versions were to pass as-is. Importantly, the Senate plan isn't even a bill yet and leaves some big questions as to specifics — such as its proposed tax brackets. There are currently seven individual income tax brackets, with the top rate at 39.6 percent. Senate Republicans have announced that their plan would maintain the seven current brackets, topping out at 38.5 percent. However, they have not yet announced which income groups will pay which rate.

House GOP Tax Plan Is Little Help To High-Tax States Like New Jersey
BUSINESS
House GOP Tax Plan Is Little Help To High-Tax States Like New Jersey
The bar chart below shows what current brackets look like, compared with the House GOP's proposed brackets. We will update it as we get more information. The table also lays out different changes for different types of taxpayers. We will update that table as well, as new information is released.



https://www.npr.org/2017/12/01/567758536/mcconnell-says-gop-has-enough-votes-to-pass-tax-bill-friday
Senate Republicans Pass Massive Tax Overhaul
The Senate narrowly approved a $1.4 trillion tax overhaul early Saturday morning following a day of procedural delays and frustration.

The legislation, which would cut the top corporate tax rate to 20 percent and lower taxes for most individuals, narrowly passed in a vote of 51-49. Tennessee Republican Bob Corker was the only Republican to vote against the legislation, joining every Democrat and both independents in opposing the sweeping overhaul of the nation's tax laws.

Passage of the tax bill is a significant victory for Republicans who have struggled to fulfill many key legislative promises.

"It was a fantastic evening last night," President Trump said Saturday morning, according to a pool report.

"Now we go onto conference, and something beautiful is going to come out of that mixer," he also said, "People are going to be very, very happy. They're going to get tremendous, tremendous tax cuts and tax relief, and that's what this country needs."

The success followed a dramatic day as lawmakers anxiously awaited a final version of the bill. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters early Friday that he believed there were enough votes to pass the tax bill, but it took Republicans until late in the evening to make sure the bill conformed to strict Senate budget rules.

McConnell's sudden certainty marked a dramatic shift after a number of Republicans on Thursday threatened to oppose the bill over fears that the steep tax cuts could add trillions to the deficit over time.

McConnell worked around the clock to satisfy their demands, and a number of high-profile holdouts on the legislation said they expected that a new version of the bill would satisfy a wide range of GOP demands.

Jeff Flake
✔
@JeffFlake
I will support #TaxReform bill after securing language to eliminate an $85 billion budget gimmick as well as commitment from the administration & #Senate leadership to advance growth-oriented legislative solution to enact fair & permanent protections for #DACA recipients
9:14 AM - Dec 1, 2017
 8,816 8,816 Replies   552 552 Retweets   1,028 1,028 likes
Twitter Ads info and privacy
Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake, once one of the firm holdouts because of concerns over the deficit, tweeted he would support the bill after getting assurances from the White House and Senate GOP leaders that they would work on legislation related to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, which Trump ordered to be rescinded earlier this year.

Maine Republican Susan Collins also announced that she would vote yes after extracting several concessions. The new bill will include her request to allow taxpayers to write off up to $10,000 in property taxes paid to state and local governments.

Collins also says McConnell pledged to support legislation to fund subsidies to insurance companies to help defray costs for low-income consumers. The Trump administration stopped paying those cost-sharing reductions this year.

1 Dec

Sen. Susan Collins
✔
@SenatorCollins
The Senate tax bill will include my SALT amendment to allow taxpayers to deduct up to $10,000 for state and local property taxes.

Sen. Susan Collins
✔
@SenatorCollins
Delighted that the Senate has agreed to include my property tax deduction amendment, that will allow 166,000 Maine taxpayers who itemize to deduct a total of $725 million in property taxes each year. #MEPolitics
9:24 AM - Dec 1, 2017
 4,200 4,200 Replies   164 164 Retweets   265 265 likes
Twitter Ads info and privacy
Leaders also expanded deductions for some small businesses that file their taxes on the individual side of the tax code to appease Wisconsin Sen. Ron Johnson and Montana Sen. Steve Daines, both former small-business owners.

Johnson said those changes, in addition to a promise that he will have a say in the process of combining the House and Senate tax bills, won his support.

"What I expect is I will have a seat at the table," Johnson said. "I'm not anticipating offering any amendments."

GOP Leaders Maneuver To Pass Tax Bill Over Deficit Objections
POLITICS
GOP Leaders Maneuver To Pass Tax Bill Over Deficit Objections
To help pay for the pass-through cut, senators plan to increase the proposed tax rate on corporate profits that are earned overseas and brought back into the U.S. The new level in the Senate bill will match the level in the House bill passed before Thanksgiving.

Democrats spent hours objecting to the opaque process Friday as they waited for Republicans to finalize the bill. As the night dragged on, very few lawmakers had seen the legislative text, aside from sections that were being leaked or otherwise shared.

Early in the evening, Hawaii Democrat Brian Schatz posted on Twitter to ask: "Does anyone know a Republican lobbyist so I can get my hands on a copy of this bill?"

Brian Schatz
✔
@brianschatz
Does anyone know a Republican lobbyist so I can get my hands on a copy of this bill?
2:56 PM - Dec 1, 2017
 409 409 Replies   5,588 5,588 Retweets   20,033 20,033 likes
Twitter Ads info and privacy
Other Democrats complained that the hastily complied bill included amendments that were handwritten into the margin of earlier versions of the tax overhaul.

Senator Dick Durbin
✔
@SenatorDurbin
Trying to review the #GOPTaxScam but they are making hand-written changes to brand new text as we speak – can anyone else read this?
3:25 PM - Dec 1, 2017
 2,661 2,661 Replies   13,531 13,531 Retweets   16,701 16,701 likes
Twitter Ads info and privacy
The bill is projected to add $1.4 trillion to the deficit over 10 years. The Joint Committee on Taxation reported Thursday that the economic stimulus from the bill would only make up $400 billion of that.

That figure raised concerns with some Republicans, including Flake and Corker, who wanted the legislation to include a trigger mechanism that would force tax increases or spending cuts if the overhaul failed to grow the economy.

That idea was rejected Thursday after the Senate parliamentarian told lawmakers that doing so would likely violate complex Senate budget rules. A number of other GOP lawmakers say they believe the JCT figure underestimates the positive impact of the tax bill.

"This bill will end up reducing the deficit, because there will be economic growth," Ohio Sen. Rob Portman contended. "I feel very good about the fiscal situation."

Senators must now go into conference with House members next week to work out differences between the two bills. If they can come to an agreement, both chambers would have to pass the version worked out in conference before it could go to Trump to be signed into law.



https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/12/03/568189430/reports-cvs-to-buy-health-insurer-aetna-for-69-billion
CVS To Buy Health Insurer Aetna For $69 Billion
CVS is preparing to buy the health insurance giant Aetna for $69 billion, the companies say.

The acquisition, which has been reportedly in talks for months, would be one of the largest such mergers in the history of health care. It would combine CVS Health Corp, which has more than 9,000 pharmacy stores and more than 1,000 walk-in clinics, with an insurance company that covers more than 22 million members.

In a press release Sunday, CVS says it will pay $207 for each share in cash and stock, reflecting a 29 percent premium over Aetna's share price on Oct. 25, The Associated Press reports. (Oct. 25 is the last day not affected by talk of the sale; on the 26th, The Wall Street Journal reported on CVS and Aetna's acquisition talks.)

The companies say, "This transaction fills an unmet need in the current health care system and presents a unique opportunity to redefine access to high-quality care in lower cost, local settings — whether in the community, at home, or through digital tools."

In October, Amanda Starc, associate professor of strategy at Northwestern's Kellogg School of Management, spoke with NPR about the implications of any deal between CVS and Aetna.

She noted that CVS is not just "the drugstore on the corner."

"In practice, CVS provides a lot of drug insurance through something called a pharmacy benefits manager," Starc says. Large national insurers like Blue Cross Blue Shield already contract with CVS for their pharmacy benefits.

BUSINESS
How Consumers Could Be Affected If CVS And Aetna Merge

In fact, that program accounts for "the majority of their revenue," Starc says. "So while you might think of them as the drugstore, they're ultimately a big insurance company."

Buying Aetna will make CVS even more of an insurance company, instead of a retail pharmacy, she says.

"It will allow them to have a large, captive audience for that insurance arm, and that might allow them to do a couple of things. They might be able to negotiate lower drug prices from manufacturers by virtue of their sheer size," Starc says, while noting that doesn't necessarily mean lower prices for consumers.

"They might also be able to better align your pharmacy benefits and your health care benefits," she says. For instance, an integrated insurer could "provide pharmacy benefits to incentivize you to do things like fill your blood pressure pills so that you don't end up in the hospital."

By Dropping Cigarettes, CVS Gives Its Reputation A Boost
SHOTS - HEALTH NEWS
By Dropping Cigarettes, CVS Gives Its Reputation A Boost
As The Wall Street Journal previously noted, and The New York Times and Bloomberg emphasize today, Amazon is one motivation for CVS to buy Aetna. The web-based behemoth, which has shaken up so many industries, is now eyeing the pharmacy business, prompting companies like CVS to worry about their future.

The Wall Street Journal notes that Aetna also faces challenges of its own — "A judge's decision led Aetna earlier this year to give up its planned acquisition of Humana Inc. and [Aetna] has retreated from the unprofitable Affordable Care Act exchange business, leaving it with an unclear path to future growth, analysts say. It also lacks the diversity of larger rival UnitedHealth Group Inc., which has a fast-expanding health-services arm that includes a pharmacy-benefits manager as well as doctor practices and surgery centers."



https://www.npr.org/2017/12/03/568133048/women-of-color-and-sexual-harassment
When Black Women's Stories Of Sexual Abuse Are Excluded From The National Narrative
The recent cultural reckoning over sexual assault and harassment has highlighted the dangers women face in workplaces throughout Hollywood, media organizations and in public office. The growing number of accusations has put a spotlight on high-profile men's abuse of power, many times with white men being accused by white women. But what about stories from women of color?

Karen Attiah, The Washington Post's global opinions editor, tells NPR's Lulu Garcia-Navarro the current conversation surrounding sexual harassment largely excludes women of color who are victims.

Attiah points to the numerous accusations against musical artist R. Kelly. The claims against the 50-year-old R&B singer span a number of years and range from illegal underage relationships, child pornography and most recently, holding women against their will.

Breaking Confidentiality, R. Kelly Accuser Goes Public Claiming Underage Relationship
THE RECORD
Breaking Confidentiality, R. Kelly Accuser Goes Public Claiming Underage Relationship
"When these accusations against these powerful white men ... came to light, it really again reminded me that we haven't been talking about some of these figures who are in our popular culture that have been accused of preying on women for decades," Attiah says.

She says a number of factors contribute to the apparent lack of national discussion about the R. Kelly accusations: His music has become a mainstay in black culture, many women accusing him aren't high-profile or powerful celebrities - and many of those women are black.

"Part of it, unfortunately, has to do with whether or not we see black women and girls as worthy of care and worthy of protection," Attiah says. "Unfortunately, it's hard not to think that if his victims were wealthy white women, that we would be including R. Kelly in these conversations that we're having right now about sexual abuse and exploitation."

Interview Highlights
On conversations about accusations against R. Kelly within the black community

I mean, I hear of course both men and women who say you know what, "He's gotta go, this guy is a monster, we can't allow this to be happening." And then I also just find this sense of, "Well, we need to wait for all the facts." And so it's kind of unfortunate to hear that from the black community. So it's hard to kind of demand that the mainstream media and community stand up for the victims when it seems like the black community, our community, is not always willing to do that, ourselves.

On what happens when women of color do speak up about sexual harassment

You know, it's really interesting because I think of Lupita Nyong'o's New York Times article where she talks about her encounter with Harvey Weinstein, and it was one of the more moving and very well-written accounts of what it was like to have to deal with a man who was powerful yet charming yet fearsome. And it struck me that ... it was her account that Weinstein or his team forcefully pushed back on. Not only is there a sense of we're excluded from the narrative, but even when prominent members of our community are in the narrative, that we're the ones whose stories are pushed back upon. We're the ones who are lying.

In The Wake Of Harvey Weinstein Scandal, Women Say #MeToo
NATIONAL
In The Wake Of Harvey Weinstein Scandal, Women Say #MeToo
On including more women in the #MeToo movement

I think one thing about the #MeToo movement, a lot of it has been seemingly confined to, I would say, white collar professional jobs. So, if we're wanting to include more women, we need to also be talking about the abuses that go on in sectors like restaurant workers, domestic help ... Because again, what ties all of this together, regardless of income, regardless of status, regardless of color, really, is about the abuse of power. So, women of color who already have harder barriers in those professional circles, I think we absolutely do need to pay more attention to their stories, and part of that will be for us to start listening and to start taking women of color seriously.



https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/12/04/568249242/grassley-ending-estate-tax-recognizes-investors-over-spenders
Grassley: Ending Estate Tax Recognizes Investors Over Spenders
Iowa Republican Sen. Chuck Grassley, commenting on the GOP tax overhaul, tells The Des Moines Register that ending the estate tax is about rewarding people who invest over those who spend everything they earn on "booze or women or movies."

A promise to end the so-called "death tax" has been a bulwark of Republican electoral politics for decades. A House version of the bill would do just that by 2024; however, the Senate's version of the tax overhaul, which narrowly passed the chamber early Saturday, would keep it, but instead double the current exemption to $11 million from $5.5 million per individual. For married couples, the current exemption is already at $11 million.

What The GOP Tax Bill Might Mean For Growth, U.S. Deficit
NATIONAL
How The Tax Rewrite Could Impact Charitable Giving
"I think not having the estate tax recognizes the people that are investing, as opposed to those that are just spending every darn penny they have, whether it's on booze or women or movies," Grassley, a member of the Senate Finance Committee, told the Register on Saturday.

The senator's remarks elicited a harsh response on social media, with one Twitter user commenting: "I'm sure those folks would love to invest, but they're a bit preoccupied just trying to make ends meet."

DT is NMP
@jcargile242
Grassley of course forgets about those who spend just about every darn penny they have on food, housing, and healthcare. I'm sure those folks would love to invest, but they're a bit preoccupied just trying to make ends meet.
#Grassley #GOPTaxScam https://twitter.com/JoeNBC/status/937502199999025153 …
11:04 PM - Dec 3, 2017
 Replies   1 1 Retweet   3 3 likes
Twitter Ads info and privacy

Charles Adler
✔
@charlesadler
#Grassley revealing worst possible stereotype of a conservative Republican. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/937524128306823168 …
7:33 PM - Dec 3, 2017
 2 2 Replies   3 3 Retweets   4 4 likes
Twitter Ads info and privacy
The elimination of the estate tax benefits a tiny fraction of taxpayers. The non-partisan Center on Budget and Policy Priorities estimates that for 2017, fewer than two in 1,000 estates will owe any estate tax, or about 0.002 percent.

Grassley has been an especially strong proponent of ending the estate tax, claiming that it hurts Iowa families trying to pass their farms from one generation to the next. But in an editorial published over the weekend, the Register wrote: "a review of federal tax data and nonpartisan research on the subject shows that family farmers and small business owners represent a tiny share of estate tax payers, and that the taxes they owe rarely force them to sell land or quit farming."

The Hill writes:

"The estate tax is one of a few significant differences between the tax reform bills passed by each chamber of Congress. Another is that the Senate bill repeals the ObamaCare individual mandate.
Republican lawmakers have expressed optimism they will be able to hash out the differences in a joint committee, and deliver a bill to President Trump by the end of the year."



https://www.npr.org/2017/12/03/567282814/new-jersey-takes-on-major-professional-sports-leagues-in-sports-betting-case
New Jersey Takes On Major Professional Sports Leagues In Sports Betting Case
The justices of the U.S. Supreme Court have been known to play a long shot in an election betting pool or to bet a colleague about the outcome of the World Series. But the stakes are usually just a few dollars. Not so for the winners and losers in a case to be heard Monday that tests whether the federal ban on sports betting in most states unconstitutionally tramples on state sovereignty.

The Bradley Act

The ban was known as the Bradley Act, after its chief promoter, Sen. Bill Bradley, D-N.J.

New York Knicks player Bill Bradley is shown in New York City in Oct. 1970.
AP
Bradley played 10 years for the New York Knicks, helping them win two NBA championships. The former Princeton star and Rhodes scholar went on to serve three terms in the Senate, winning accolades as a serious legislator.

In all of his 18 years on Capitol Hill, Bradley introduced just one bill related to sports — a ban on sports betting.

The bill, which passed easily, banned gambling on sports in 46 states, exempting four states — Delaware, Montana, Nevada and Oregon — that had already legalized it, and giving all the rest a year in which to legalize sports gambling if they wanted to.

In an NPR interview, Bradley said his motivation was simple, and personal. "Betting on sports was betting on human beings, and I thought that was wrong," he explained. "It turns players into roulette chips. It makes the game, which is a game of high-level competition and excellence, into slot machines, and I don't think that should be what we do in this country."

Bradley said there was virtually no congressional opposition to his bill back in 1992. Though Bradley added that Donald Trump, with failing investments in Atlantic City casinos, lobbied against it, believing that sports betting was the answer to his financial problems there.

After the bill passed, New Jersey did not seek to legalize gambling in its one-year window of opportunity.

That was then, and this is now, however.

Now the American Gaming Association estimates that illegal sports betting has grown to $150-billion-a-year market. And cash-starved states are salivating at the thought of raising billions from legalizing and licensing that activity, not to mention taxing the proceeds.

Down the shore

Enter New Jersey, home to at least a half dozen shuttered Atlantic City casinos, and a state where Republicans and Democrats since 2011 have been trying to overturn the federal ban or somehow get around it.

Casinos are seen along the boardwalk in Atlantic City, N.J., in June. In the background is the former Revel Casino.
Seth Wenig/AP
"We intend to go forward to allow sports gambling to happen," Gov. Chris Christie, R-N.J., said bluntly at an event to promote Atlantic City in 2012. "If someone wants to stop us, then they'll have to take action to try to stop us."

Twice the state has tried to legalize sports betting. Twice, the major sports leagues and the NCAA have taken the state to court, each time contending that the state is violating the federal ban enacted in 1992. And twice the state has lost in federal appeals court.

Now, however, the issue has reached the Supreme Court, with the state contending that the federal law unconstitutionally commandeers the states to enforce the federal ban.

Playing puppet master or just business as usual vis-a-vis states?

Arguing Monday's case will be two men, each of whom served as solicitor general in the George W. Bush administration.

Supreme Court To Open A Whirlwind Term
LAW
Supreme Court To Open A Whirlwind Term
Representing New Jersey is lawyer Ted Olson who argues that the federal government cannot tell the states they have to carry out the federal ban on sports betting.

He contends the federal government cannot say to the states: "You're just working for us. You take the responsibility. We'll give the instructions. We'll be the puppet master."

He rests his case on two prior Supreme Court cases holding that the federal government cannot commandeer a state's apparatus to enforce a federal law. Most notably, in 1997 the Supreme Court ruled that the federal law requiring state and local officials to carry out background checks on gun buyers was unconstitutional because it commandeered, or conscripted, state and local officials to enforce a federal law.

Justices May Impose New Limits On Government Access To Cellphone Data
LAW
Justices May Impose New Limits On Government Access To Cellphone Data
But lawyer Paul Clement, representing the sports leagues and backed by the Trump administration, says this case is very different. He contends that the federal ban on sports betting doesn't commander anything. All it does is set out what states may not do.

Clement says that the federal ban simply says that the states "can't authorize sports betting. They can't authorize a state lottery system that involves a component of sports gambling."

Clement argues that "it's just not that unusual for Congress to tell states that they can't do things that they want to do."

Congress, in such cases, is establishing a federal policy that pre-empts what the states can do.

The Supreme Court has often upheld such federal pre-emption statutes — for example, barring states from adding to federally approved labels for pharmaceuticals, or barring states from setting trucking rates.

The clash of constitutional theories in this case, however, may be besides the point in the real world. In the modern economic landscape, there is a growing tolerance for sports betting. Even among the sports leagues that are fighting New Jersey in this case there is more interest in Congress in changing the federal law.

Money, money, money

The reason boils down to one simple word: money.

Everybody sees a chance to profit, from the states to the professional sports leagues.

In 2014, Adam Silver, commissioner of the National Basketball Association, wrote an op-ed piece in the New York Times calling for "a federal framework" to legalize sports betting.

The National Football and National Hockey Leagues have decided to move major sports teams to the capital of sports betting, Las Vegas.

Odds are displayed on a screen at a sports book owned and operated by CG Technology in Las Vegas in 2015.
John Locher/AP
Major League Baseball, as well as the NBA and the NHL, have invested in sports fantasy companies. And the NFL, as well as Major League Baseball, are increasingly partnering with data dissemination firms for gambling purposes overseas.

So it is no surprise that even if the court does not uncork the bottle of legalized sports betting, Congress just might revisit its ban.

For the man who started it all — Bill Bradley — that is dispiriting.

"A lot of things make money," he said. "The question is what's right and what's wrong. Do you want your children involved in betting on sports? How about little league? How about junior high school?"

After all, he says, there's money to be made by betting on the spread in those games, too.

A decision in the sports betting case is expected later in the Supreme Court term.



https://www.npr.org/2017/12/03/567602293/what-living-on-100-000-a-year-looks-like
What Living On $100,000 A Year Looks Like
A central question of debate leading up to the Senate's passage of a sweeping tax overhaul plan asked which Americans need a boost. Economists say the Republicans' selling point for previous iterations of their legislation, that the plan is designed to benefit the middle class, has a shaky foundation — that the rich are the big winners.

And the middle class is already struggling. The median household income is roughly $59,000 a year. But around the country, even six-figure salaries for some single-person households don't necessarily furnish financial security.

"People feel like they haven't been getting ahead for a long time," says Jim Tankersley, who covers taxes and the economy for The New York Times.

People whose upper-class salaries are not keeping pace with their upper-class standards of living, Tankersley says, are often experiencing a lingering effect of the 2008 financial crisis.

FACT CHECK: How Does Paul Ryan's Case For Tax Cuts Match The Facts?
POLITICS
FACT CHECK: How Does Paul Ryan's Case For Tax Cuts Match The Facts?
NPR's Lulu Garcia-Navarro spoke to a variety of people in different cities about what their lives look like on $100,000 a year. On paper, that kind of salary is considered well-off. But as we heard from many, it often takes just one major expense for that to not feel like enough: student loans, health care, childcare or housing costs.

Stephanie Culp of Gaithersburg, Md.

For the Culp family, a living on $100,000 a year is "far from destitute — it's just not enough," Stephanie Culp says.

Credit card debt, hospital bills and cut work hours led the Culps to declare bankruptcy. So she moved to Gaithersburg, Md., with her husband, a software programmer, so he could take a higher salary.

Stephanie Culp and her husband live in Gaithersburg, Md., on $100,000 a year, but still struggle to make ends meet after years of mounting debt.
Courtesy of the Culp family
With years of mounting debt and no savings, Stephanie Culp continues to make tough choices for her family. "It's either pay these bills or it's — we don't eat," she says. That sometimes means cutting back on electricity bills or temporarily giving up the cellphones.

Culp grew up in a trailer home with her parents, but she says she didn't exactly feel poor. "I mean I knew I didn't have the best clothes like everybody, but we always had Christmas," she says.

"With my husband and I now, we haven't been able to do Christmas in 10 years. We don't even have a tree," she says.

Theresa Sahhar lives just outside of Kansas City, Kan., where the cost of living is relatively very reasonable. CNN Money estimates a comparable $100,000 salary in Manhattan, for example, would be almost $250,000.

Her husband is a mechanical engineer, and she works in sales part-time. To afford educational opportunities for her high-school-aged son, she also picks up odd jobs within the gig economy.

Theresa Sahhar, from Olathe, Kan., works in sales part time. But to afford the education she wants for her son, she'll sell her chickens' eggs or, as a beekeeper, sell honey at farmers' markets.
Courtesy of Theresa Sahhar
While she had accounted for expenses of having a family, she didn't expect her salary to stagnate. "It's embarrassing to say that you have to work overtime in order to make enough money to live on," she says. But in her community, her family isn't alone in struggling to keep up.

"I was really surprised because from the outside, it looks like we have plenty of money," she says. "But then when you really look underneath it all, you see that people are working overtime. They're working second jobs and even third jobs to try to put together the money just to stay in the middle class where they've been in the past."

Sahhar and her husband don't plan to retire. "I expect to work until I'm dead."

And she doesn't think her kids' generation, while working to chip away at "crippling student loans," will have it any easier. "Having experienced both privilege and poverty, I'd much rather live a privileged life," she says. "And that's what I want for my children. I want my children to be able to access a few of the better things in life. I don't expect them to be rich, but I would like them to not be poor."

For a single young man, it might seem that $100,000 could furnish a more-than-comfortable lifestyle. But to Haby, who sells scientific equipment for a living, it doesn't feel like a fortune.

Now in Seattle, he says "it's been a big lifestyle change, having grown up in a small, rural Texas family." He's also sitting on a lot of student debt. Haby's already paid off $15,000 of his $30,000 in loans.

"And now I'm one of those coastal elites, a term, you know, that people in Middle America use. And it feels like betrayal," he says. "But what I've learned in moving to the coast is there's real inequality. And the biggest driver of that inequality is the tax code. The biggest social welfare has been to the rich and powerful, giving them loopholes and abilities to keep money from the government and keep money from the rest of us."

Hugart, a supervisor for 3M (Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing), talked about how budgeting for a family of five forced a tough decision: "Have two incomes, and one is essentially dedicated to daycare, or have one income and a stay-at-home parent."

Jacob Hugart, pictured with his wife, says, "The ones who are trying to do the one-parent thing — there's a stretch. They're like us."
Courtesy of the Hugart family
They chose the latter: His wife stayed home to take care of the kids. Looking back, Hugart says, he probably would have tried to keep that two-parent income.

"The ones where both parents are working seem to be doing fairly well," he says. "They will remodel a kitchen. They have multiple cars. The ones who are trying to do the one-parent thing — there's a stretch. They're like us."

Hugart says he makes enough to meet his family's day-to-day needs, but bigger and unexpected expenses are a squeeze — such as his son's college funds or, Hugart says, a recent roof repair: "We ended up cashing out an IRA in order to pay for that because the other alternative was to put it on a credit card."



https://www.npr.org/sections/ed/2017/12/03/564825033/how-to-motivate-60-million-teachers
How To Motivate 80,000 Teachers
"I was talking to a secondary teacher in Uganda," Sharath Jeevan tells me when I ask about his organization's impact. "I asked her: What's the biggest change you've seen in two months? She said, 'I stopped beating my [students]. I know now how to engage kids in a much more constructive, positive way.' "

Jeevan is the founder and CEO of STIR Education, a nonprofit that administers a professional development program for public school teachers in India and Uganda. The program has grown fast. From a pilot with 25 teachers in Delhi in 2012, they will reach 80,000 teachers this year.

And they are partnering with the governments of India and Uganda to expand by an order of magnitude, with the goal of reaching 60 million students within the next five years: That's every child in Uganda plus a third of the students in India.

Jeevan was born in Chennai, India, and educated abroad. He earned an MBA and embarked on a corporate career at companies like eBay. Returning to his home country, he was disappointed by what he saw as the limited impact of the government's massive efforts to increase compulsory education in the last few decades.

This is a refrain around the developing world. In fact, an estimated 250 million children globally are demonstrably learning little despite attending school. And teachers are often eyed as the cause. An international study conducted from 2004-2011 found teacher absenteeism in primary schools ranging from 11 percent to 30 percent.

In India, teachers were absent one of every four days on average, or more than once a week. And when they were in school, Jeevan says, many only spent half their time teaching.

Why were these teachers underperforming?

The problem wasn't necessarily money. Teachers in India are paid comparatively well. Nor was it necessarily status; Jeevan points out that the tradition of the guru is thousands of years old in India, and that teachers are well respected in Uganda as well. Instead, he determined, teaching had "kind of lost some of its moral purpose as a result of its big expansion ... Teachers feel disconnected from students, unsupported."

And, some resort to corporal punishment, even though it's illegal in both Uganda and India (though it is allowed in several U.S. states.)

STIR Education is designed not only to give teachers better tools, but to help them rediscover their intrinsic motivation. The model is innovative, but that doesn't mean digital technology. Instead, they bring teachers together in small networks that meet regularly. They discuss practical, evidence-based solutions for the classroom: like decorating the walls with children's projects, or making a ritual of greeting students each morning.

The teachers pledge to put the changes into action. Then they come back next month to reflect, support each other and adopt a new practice. "A lot of the work is building momentum through quick wins," says Jeevan. When the teachers see a new technique working in the classroom, they are motivated to try something else.

Initial randomized controlled trials done by the World Bank showed the model producing strong gains in student math learning, as well as shifts in both motivation and effort among teachers. And the program doesn't cost too much, because it mostly relies on existing people.

Jeevan is nervous, but excited by the challenge of scaling up so much. To do it, everyone at STIR will need to adopt the same kind of growth mindset that they want the teachers and students to absorb. "When they fertilize the soil," he says, "all kinds of seeds can be planted."



https://www.npr.org/2017/12/02/568018387/mueller-removed-fbi-agent-from-russia-probe-over-anti-trump-messages
Mueller Removed FBI Agent From Russia Probe Over Anti-Trump Messages
The office of special counsel Robert Mueller removed an FBI agent from the team investigating Russia's interference in last year's election and possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia, the Washington Post and the New York Times both reported Saturday.

Agent Peter Strzok exchanged politically-charged text messages with Lisa Page, who was also a member of Mueller's investigative team at the time; the messages expressed anti-Trump views, according to both newspapers.

Donald J. Trump
✔
@realDonaldTrump
I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn. Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie!
3:15 AM - Dec 3, 2017
 33,227 33,227 Replies   20,034 20,034 Retweets   79,673 79,673 likes
Twitter Ads info and privacy
"Immediately upon learning of the allegations, the Special Counsel's Office removed Peter Strzok from the investigation," Peter Carr, a spokesman for Mueller, said in a statement. "Lisa Page completed her brief detail and had returned to the FBI weeks before our office was aware of the allegations."

Separately, a Justice Department spokeswoman said, "we are aware of the allegations and are taking any and all appropriate steps."

Strzok was removed from Mueller's team during the summer of this year and has since been assigned to the FBI's human resources department, according to the newspapers. Page is a lawyer for the bureau who once worked for FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe but no longer does much work for McCabe, the Post reported. In addition to both having worked on Mueller's probe, Strzok and Page also both had roles in the FBI's investigation of Hillary Clinton's private email server, according to the Post.

Donald J. Trump
✔
@realDonaldTrump
After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more), running the FBI, its reputation is in Tatters - worst in History! But fear not, we will bring it back to greatness.
5:00 AM - Dec 3, 2017
 36,580 36,580 Replies   25,459 25,459 Retweets   102,655 102,655 likes
Twitter Ads info and privacy
The Russia Investigations: After Flynn Plea Deal, Where Does Mueller Aim Next?
NATIONAL SECURITY
The Russia Investigations: After Flynn Plea Deal, Where Does Mueller Aim Next?
The reports of Strzok's removal came just a day after Mueller's team revealed a plea deal with Michael Flynn, President Trump's former national security adviser.

Given Flynn's proximity to Trump during last year's presidential race and to Trump's inner circle until his ouster in February of this year, the agreement with Flynn and his cooperation in the Mueller probe signaled to many observers that the Justice Department's investigation has entered a new phase — with a possible focus on those closest to the president or perhaps even Donald Trump himself.

Donald J. Trump
✔
@realDonaldTrump
Report: “ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE” Now it all starts to make sense!
5:36 AM - Dec 3, 2017
 46,327 46,327 Replies   31,494 31,494 Retweets   103,137 103,137 likes
Twitter Ads info and privacy
Michael Flynn Pleads Guilty To Lying To FBI
NATIONAL SECURITY
Michael Flynn Pleads Guilty To Lying To FBI
Speaking Saturday about Flynn's plea deal, the president reiterated that there had been no coordination between his campaign and Russia. "What has been shown is no collusion, no collusion," Trump said, "There's been absolutely no collusion, so we're very happy."

Despite his assertions throughout this year that there was no wrongdoing by himself or anyone associated with his campaign, Trump has been critical of Mueller's probe and the FBI generally. The president has also continued his longstanding criticism of the FBI's Clinton email server investigation which Trump initially cited as his reason for firing FBI Director James Comey in May of this year.

Donald J. Trump
✔
@realDonaldTrump
Tainted (no, very dishonest?) FBI “agent’s role in Clinton probe under review.” Led Clinton Email probe. @foxandfriends Clinton money going to wife of another FBI agent in charge.
4:42 AM - Dec 3, 2017
 18,289 18,289 Replies   22,729 22,729 Retweets   73,408 73,408 likes
Twitter Ads info and privacy
"Among federal law enforcement officials, there is great concern that exposure of the texts [Strzok and Page] exchanged may be used by the president and his defenders to attack the credibility of the Mueller probe, and the FBI more broadly," the Post wrote Saturday. And both the Times and the Post noted in their reports that FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe has faced criticism from Trump and other Republicans for his role in the Clinton email investigation and his wife's political ties to a key Clinton ally in Virginia.

House Republicans Launch New Investigations Into Clinton Email Probe, Uranium Deal
POLITICS
House Republicans Launch New Investigations Into Clinton Email Probe, Uranium Deal
Indeed, the FBI has already become a target of Republicans as the Russia imbroglio unfolds. In late October, the GOP chairmen of the House Judiciary and House Oversight Committees announced a joint inquiry into the FBI's handling of the Clinton email server investigation.

The Justice Department's Office of the Inspector General is already conducting a review of actions of the DOJ and the FBI during last year's election and it said Saturday that the revelations about Strzok and Page would be included in that review. "The OIG has been reviewing allegations involving communications between certain individuals, and will report its findings regarding those allegations promptly upon completion of the review of them," the inspector general's office said in a statement provided to NPR.

Attorney General Jeff Sessions issued a statement Saturday night, as did the FBI's Office of Public Affairs.

"The allegations that the Inspector General has confirmed are part of his ongoing investigation, if proven to be true, would raise serious questions of public trust," Sessions said. "I look forward to receiving the Inspector General's report. We will ensure that anyone who works on any investigation in the Department of Justice does so objectively and free from bias or favoritism."

Sessions also said he has directed FBI Director Christopher Wray to "review the information available on this and other matters and promptly make any necessary changes to his management and investigative teams consistent with the highest professional standards."

"The matter is an ongoing investigation by the Office of Inspector General, consistent with well-established processes designed to objectively, thoroughly and fairly determine the facts regarding potential wrongdoing," the FBI said. The bureau added that it "holds all of its employees to the highest standards of integrity, independence and professionalism, as the American public rightly expects."

Attempts by the Times and the Post to reach Strzok and Page were unsuccessful. "A lawyer for Mr. Strzok declined to comment," the Times reported. The Post reported it "has repeatedly sought comment from Strzok and Page, but got no response."



https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/12/03/568142767/bloody-battles-waged-on-the-streets-of-yemens-capital-as-alliances-appear-to-shi
Bloody Battles Waged On The Streets Of Yemen's Capital, As Alliances Appear To Shift
In Sanaa, the capital of Yemen, Iran-backed Houthi rebels are clashing with supporters of former president Ali Abdullah Saleh — an outburst of deadly violence between two groups that have recently been allies.

Meanwhile, the Houthi rebels are claiming to have fired a missile at a nuclear power plant under construction in the United Arab Emirates. The claim has been denied by state media in UAE.

The WAM news agency also says that the UAE would have the ability to shoot down such a missile, if it were fired, The Associated Press reports.

Last month, Houthi rebels fired a missile at an international airport near Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. As we reported at the time, Saudi missile defense forces shot down that missile, although debris from the attack did rain down on the airport.

In retaliation for that missile, Saudi Arabia shut down land, air and sea routes into Yemen, restricting aid access. That blockade move that was criticized by human rights groups, which noted that Yemen's civilians were already suffering an acute humanitarian crisis that would only be exacerbated by a blockade.

Aid supplies began reentering Yemen about a week ago, after three weeks of Saudi blockade. The blockade continues to be partially enforced.

Aid Begins To Filter Back Into Yemen, As Saudi-Led Blockade Eases
THE TWO-WAY
Aid Begins To Filter Back Into Yemen, As Saudi-Led Blockade Eases
War has been raging in Yemen for more than two years. On the one side is currently exiled President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi, who is supported by a Saudi-led coalition. Hadi, a former deputy of Saleh who ousted that authoritarian leader to take power in 2011, is living in Saudi Arabia, while his government is currently located in Aden, a city in Yemen's south.

On the other side are the Houthi rebels and the supporters of former president Saleh, who joined forces to fight the Saudi-led coalition. As of last month, the Houthi and pro-Saleh controlled much of western Yemen, including the capital of Sanaa, the BBC reports.

But exactly who controls the capital now appears to be in dispute, as alliance between the Houthis and the Saleh supporters is splintering.

The BBC reports that former president Saleh has offered to initiate talks with the Saudi coalition, giving a televised speech in which he asked for an end to the siege on Yemeni ports and offered, in exchange, to "turn a new page" and "deal with them in a positive way."

In Yemen, Mothers Of Detained Won't Stop Protests Till Their Sons Are Freed
PARALLELS
In Yemen, Mothers Of Detained Won't Stop Protests Till Their Sons Are Freed
The overture was welcomed by President Hadi and by the Saudi-led coalition, the BBC says. The Houthi rebels, meanwhile, called it "a coup against our alliance and partnership."

If the supporters of Saleh do switch sides and join the coalition and Hadi, "the Houthis would become completely isolated," The Associated Press reports.

For the past five days, the AP writes, Houthi and pro-Saleh forces have been clashing in the streets of Sanaa, with deadly consequences:

"According to Sanaa medical officials, nearly 75 people from both sides were killed and wounded in Sanaa's clashes. The officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the media, did not provide a breakdown for the casualties.
"The Sanaa street fighting seems to have split the capital in two parts, with the northern part under the Houthis and the southern under Saleh's fighters.
"Both sides have set up checkpoints, placed snipers on rooftops and sealed off entrances to the city, which slowed down street movement and traffic. Bombings and sporadic barrage of gunfire rocked the southern part of Sanaa on Sunday.
"Many of the state institutions - including the airport, the TV building and the official news agency - remain under the control of the Houthis, despite some earlier reports that Saleh's forces had taken over.
"A southern Sanaa district that houses the residential compound of Saleh and his family was engulfed in intense clashes.
"Saudi-run TV networks aired footage from Sanaa showing protesters tearing down posters in support of the Houthis and chanting against the rebels who have held the city and most of the country's north for the past two years."
On Friday, U.N. humanitarian chief Mark Lowcock appealed for the blockade on Yemen to be fully lifted, Reuters reports.

Twenty-five million people live in Yemen, Lowcock said, "and something like seven or eight million of them are, right now, on the brink of famine."



https://www.npr.org/2017/12/03/567797304/alabamians-fear-roy-moore-is-bad-for-business
Alabamians Fear Roy Moore Is Bad For Business
Back in September, then-Birmingham, Ala., Mayor William Bell and other elected officials stood before the media in a downtown park.

"I know everyone's gotten a lot of call[s] about this box in the background," Bell told them.

The box towering over them is made up like a package from Amazon. It was part of Birmingham's campaign to land Amazon's proposed second headquarters.

The city might be a long shot, but the state has landed many big names in the automotive industry and advanced manufacturing including Mercedes, Honda and Airbus. State economic development leaders promote Alabama as a low-tax state with a low cost of living.

Zavian Tate, a student at the University of Alabama at Birmingham, pushes a large Amazon Dash button, part of the campaign to lure Amazon's second headquarters to the city.
Brynn Anderson/AP
But for weeks, much of the news from Alabama has been about Senate candidate Roy Moore. He has denied allegations of sexual misconduct with teenage girls when he was in his 30s. Some in Alabama's business community fear the Moore controversy will make recruiting companies and jobs to the state more difficult.

Susan Pace Hamill, who teaches business law at the University of Alabama, is among them.

"Roy Moore is a disaster for business and economic development," says Hamill. "He was a disaster even before the allegations."

Moore, a Republican, was twice removed as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court for defying federal court orders: first over a Ten Commandments monument in the Alabama Judicial Building and then over the U.S. Supreme Court ruling legalizing gay marriage. Hamill says that doesn't represent the stability and predictability that businesses want from elected leaders. She adds that recruiting high-profile projects is highly competitive.

"The fear is that his presence will tip the scales causing the business to choose somebody else," Hamill says.

Roy Moore, Culture Warrior, Will Be Favored To Be The Next U.S. Senator From Alabama
POLITICS
Roy Moore, Culture Warrior, Will Be Favored To Be The Next U.S. Senator From Alabama
Jennifer Skjellum, the outgoing president of TechBirmingham, an organization that promotes and recruits tech companies and talent, is concerned, too.

"Anything that makes Alabama look backward does not bode well for the business climate," Skjellum says.

As a native Californian, she says people, particularly from politically progressive parts of the country, will ask her what Alabama is really like. She says it's often based on a general perception rather than a specific news story.

Her concern is not that the Roy Moore controversy would make or break a software company coming to the state but that it would drive away talent in the long term, even homegrown workers.

"Like I don't want to be associated with Alabama and maybe I went to school there, but this is not a place that I feel is conducive to how I want to live my life," says Skjellum.

AP Calculates North Carolina's 'Bathroom Bill' Will Cost More Than $3.7 Billion
THE TWO-WAY
AP Calculates North Carolina's 'Bathroom Bill' Will Cost More Than $3.7 Billion
Dennis Donovan is a principal with Wadley Donovan Gutshaw Consulting, a firm that works with business on-site selection. He doesn't expect Roy Moore to have a widespread effect on business in Alabama. Donovan says you might see it with consumer brands and high-tech companies, which are more image-conscious.

"If you're the high-technology company, you're footloose. You can go almost any place," Donovan says. "Once you start getting into these automobile plants and so forth, based on logistic and infrastructure, starts to narrow down fairly quickly where you're going to go."

That is why he doesn't see the controversy affecting Alabama's pitch for a $1.6 billion joint plant by Toyota and Mazda. Alabama's reportedly a finalist for the project.

Donovan praises Alabama officials for working to change perceptions of the state. For instance, Birmingham has received accolades for its food scene. But Donovan says a Roy Moore win hurts those efforts.

Jury Convicts Alabama House Speaker Mike Hubbard On 12 Felony Ethics Charges
THE TWO-WAY
Jury Convicts Alabama House Speaker Mike Hubbard On 12 Felony Ethics Charges
A spokesperson for the Alabama Department of Commerce declined to comment.

The state has weathered a string of recent political scandals. Its House speaker was convicted of bribery last year. The previous governor resigned this spring from the fallout of an alleged affair with his top adviser.

But Skjellum says this moment could be different because issues of sexual misconduct have hit so many organizations, including NPR, becoming such a topic of conversation.

"Anything that shows Alabama voters or leaders not really thinking that this matters, that this is serious enough, is a problem," Skjellum says.

She doesn't think a Roy Moore victory is insurmountable for those in her line of work. It just might mean longer conversations with people not from Alabama.



https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/12/03/568055171/honduras-on-the-brink-curfew-enforced-by-military-opposition-calls-for-new-elect
Honduras On The Brink: Curfew Enforced By Military, Opposition Calls For New Election
The Honduran government suspended constitutional rights and called for the military to enforce a curfew and disperse protesters over the weekend after a contested election plunged the Central American country into a political crisis.

Honduras is in a state of hostile uncertainty, where ambiguity regarding the outcome of elections has led to deadly confrontations with state forces.

On Saturday, The Associated Press reported that the main opposition candidate Salvador Nasralla called for the presidential elections to be held again.

" 'I have asked them to repeat the elections, but only those for the presidency, with the aim of resolving the crisis that Honduras is suffering,' Nasralla told The Associated Press. But he said the new election 'would be under the supervision of an international electoral tribunal, not the local one, because there aren't sufficient conditions to guarantee' the vote would be fair."
In Honduras, Police Accused Of Corruption, Killings
LATIN AMERICA
In Honduras, Police Accused Of Corruption, Killings
Supporters of Nasralla, who represents the Opposition Alliance Against the Dictatorship coalition, took to the streets in response to the contested election, saying the voting results were manipulated in order for current, U.S.-friendly President Juan Orlando Hernandez to remain in power.

The government announced on Friday that a curfew will be in effect for 10 days, from 6 p.m. to 6 a.m.

Regardless of the military-enforced curfew, messages circulating through social media called for a mass demonstration to take place on Saturday night.

In the early hours of Saturday morning, protests in Tegucigalpa — the country's capital — turned deadly, when 19-year-old Kimberly Dayana Fonseca was shot and killed as troops opened fire on unarmed protesters, The Guardian reported.

Rudy Fonseca, 29, cries next to the coffin containing the remains of his sister Kimberly Dayana Fonseca, 19, in Tegucigalpa, Honduras on Saturday. She was shot by gunmen who witnesses say were police.
Rodrigo Abd/AP
Honduras is one of the most violent countries in the Western Hemisphere, where gang and drug violence make it hold one of the world's highest murder rates. The past week in Honduras has been a turbulent roller coaster, where the disputed election results have further shoved the country towards a crumbling ledge.

A week of waiting

President Hernandez, who represents the right-wing National Party, had been running for a second term. A report from the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace earlier this year criticized the president's efforts to consolidate the Honduran government under his party, and the website The Intercept recently reported on Hernandez's alleged links to drug trafficking.

However, after taking office in early 2014, Hernandez's tough anti-crime push won support among many Hondurans.

Nasralla, a former sportscaster, challenged Hernandez by running on a platform of fighting corruption under an alliance of various center-left and left-wing parties.

Prior to the elections held last Sunday, rumblings of electoral fraud had been spreading. A day earlier, The Economist released a report on an obtained recording, where alleged members of Hernandez's National Party could be heard planning to rig the election. The magazine did not confirm the recording's authenticity.

Almost 10 hours passed after voting ended before the electoral commission — run by members of the incumbent's National Party — released any information, The New York Times reported. On Monday, Nasralla had taken the lead, with 57 percent of the votes counted by the commission. The opposition candidate had 45 percent of the vote, a 5-point lead to Hernandez's 40 percent. Nasralla declared himself the winner.

But the electoral commission then stalled, failing to release information as the country waited anxiously for the rest of the results to come in. This prompted European Union election observers to place pressure on officials for a quicker release of information.

Counting resumed on Tuesday afternoon, but the gap began to close. Both Nasralla and Hernandez signed an Organization of American States agreement, where they agreed to accept the commission's results.

Supporters of Honduran presidential candidate Salvador Nasralla clash with soldiers and riot police near the Electoral Supreme Court (TSE) on Thursday.
Orlando Sierra/AFP/Getty Images
Then, as the AP reports, the electoral court's computer systems allegedly failed, forcing the country to wait even longer for the results. Nasralla backtracked on the OAS agreement, saying the National Party commission's irregularities were proof of electoral fraud.

When the court's system returned, President Hernandez was shown to be winning by a small margin. Nasralla called for his supporters to take to the streets and protest against Hernandez, calling the election process a "cheating system." On Sunday morning, the commission's website showed the president still holding a lead.

"The Embassy of the United States of America reiterates its call for all Hondurans to refrain from violence while the result of the November 26 presidential election remain pending," tweeted Heide Fulton, the U.S. chargé d'affaires in Honduras. "Public gatherings should remain peaceful, as required by Honduran law."

'Who Rules In Honduras?' Coup's Legacy Of Violence
LATIN AMERICA
'Who Rules In Honduras?' Coup's Legacy Of Violence
Nando Destephen, a Honduran journalist living in Tegucigalpa, spoke with NPR and said protesters had blocked off the road on which the election court sits.

"There is a generation of youth that does not accept it anymore," Destephen said. "At the protests I've been to, the line of police is about a meter away, [protesters] throw stones at them, intimidate them, call on those who run away to continue, I saw them throw a molotov cocktail at the police."

Reflections from 2009

The situation conjures memories of the Honduran political crisis from 2009, where a coup d'etat overthrew President Manuel Zelaya. The current leader of the opposition, Nasralla, has Zelaya's support.

"People have a little bit of fear, and have some tension, because they are reliving 2009," Destephen says. "They are reliving the entire crisis from the coup of 2009, and the majority of people don't really like that because it brings back some ugly memories."

Supporters of Salvador Nasralla set a barricade alight during a protest outside the Electoral Supreme Court (TSE), to demand the announcement of the election final results in Tegucigalpa on Thursday.
Orlando Sierra/AFP/Getty Images
Zelaya was ousted in 2009 after proposing a nonbinding referendum on the issue of presidential re-election. Military leaders removed Zelaya from office, fearing he would attempt to consolidate power with the referendum. Coup supporters also accused Zelaya of becoming too close to the left-wing leadership in Venezuela. The U.S. State Department, under the direction of Secretary Hillary Clinton, originally said it did not support the coup. But later, it was revealed that the U.S. further strategized to legitimize Zelaya's removal, ushering memories of past CIA-backed coups in Latin America.

Months later, Porfirio Lobo from the National Party assumed office in elections held by the de facto, coup government.

Under Lobo, violence and corruption in Honduras increased dramatically, as NPR's Carrie Kahn reported, with the United Nations declaring it to be the most violent country in the world. And as NPR reported in 2012, violence at the hands of police was not uncommon.

In 2013, a contested election brought current President Hernandez to power. During his presidency, Hernandez attempted to consolidate power, placing allies on the Supreme Court, as the Carnegie Endowment notes.

In an ironic twist in 2015, the Supreme Court got rid of the constitution's term limits, an accusation leveled against Zelaya when he was ousted in 2009. The court's decision allowed Hernandez run for re-election.

According to a report by Reuters, many believe Zelaya is the "true force behind the coalition" Nasralla is running under. Last week, the opposition candidate said he would review the U.S. troop presence at a military base in the country.

Central American Immigrants Brace For End Of Temporary Protected Status Program
HERE & NOW COMPASS
Central American Immigrants Brace For End Of Temporary Protected Status Program
Last year, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights said Honduras suffers from a "prevailing cycle of impunity." The U.S. continues to send money to the country.

The 2016 death of activist Berta Caceres symbolized a culmination of the country's violence, from which many thousands of migrants continue to leave — bound for the U.S.



https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/12/02/568001580/californian-archaeologists-unearth-an-egyptian-sphinx
Californian Archaeologists Unearth A Not-So-Ancient Egyptian Sphinx
Archaeologists recently unearthed a curious artifact in California: An Egyptian sphinx.

Unlike the Great Sphinx of Giza, which was made of bedrock, this sphinx was made from plastic. And it wasn't carved by the ancient Egyptians, but molded by designers on the set of Cecil B. DeMille's 1923 biblical film The Ten Commandments.

The film featured thousands of actors and actresses, and the director commissioned famed art deco designer Paul Iribe to construct an ancient Egyptian palace for the film's backdrop. Iribe's final product was the largest set design of its time and included more than 20 sphinxes.

After filming was complete, the 12-story set was too expensive to dismantle —and too valuable to leave for rival film studios to pilfer. In a move just as ambitious as his filmmaking, DeMille, who created a second version of the film in 1956, ordered the set buried at a location unknown to the public.

The 12-story set of 1923's Ten Commandments was too expensive to dismantle, so it was buried at a location unknown to the public.
Mondadori Portfolio/Mondadori via Getty Images
Director Peter Brosnan and other filmmakers began searching for DeMille's lost city in Californian dunes in the mid 1980s. In 1990, after receiving a $10,000 grant to fund his archaeology, Brosnan found the very first sphinx buried in Guadalupe, Calif., a small city about 175 miles from Los Angeles.

The Guadalupe-Nipomo Dunes Center has found several significant DeMille artifacts in the past few years. "Given that these objects have lasted 94 years, even though they were only built to last for two months during filming— it really speaks to the craftsmanship and the level of skill that the artisans could build," Doug Jenzen, executive director of the center where the recent sphinx was found, told CBS This Morning.

The center has good news for Hollywood classic buffs, faux Egyptian aestheticians, and amateur archaeologists alike: It will begin displaying the sphinx and other artifacts from DeMille's lost city next year.



https://www.npr.org/2017/12/03/567780963/ge-struggles-to-show-it-still-has-magic-touch
GE Struggles To Show It Still Has Magic Touch
When General Electric's new CEO John Flannery spoke to investors and analysts last month, he acknowledged things are bad.

"I was forced to confront a lot of sort of deeper questions about this company," he said. "Why do we exist? How do we impact the world for the next 100 years the same way we have for the last 100 years?"

General Electric is one of the most storied corporations in American history, co-founded by Thomas Edison and re-defined by legendary CEO Jack Welch.

For more than a century, GE's products — from dishwashers to MRI machines — changed the way Americans live. But now the company is in deep trouble. Its stock price plummeted over the last year, losing more than 40 percent of its value while the market as a whole soared.

To get a sense for just how shocking the decline at GE is, NPR traveled to Schenectady in upstate New York, headquarters of the company's power and energy division. Five thousand GE employees live and work here and it's a place where magic used to happen.

Before Silicon Valley, New Jersey Reigned As Nation's Center Of Innovation
ALL TECH CONSIDERED
Before Silicon Valley, New Jersey Reigned As Nation's Center Of Innovation
Bill Buell, a local newspaperman who has written for years about GE and the company's history, points to the place where Ernst Alexanderson lived. "[He] did the first television broadcast anywhere in the U.S. right here in his home here."

Schenectady's boom years started in the 1890s when Thomas Edison built laboratories and factories here.

For more than a century, GE's global operations seemed unstoppable. The company built everything from TVs and dishwashers to jet engines and power grids. It became one of the most reliable market performers, while reshaping American culture.

Along the way, the company's scientists won two Nobel Prizes. The cursive GE logo and "we bring good things to life" catch-phrase seemed as much a part of the nation's identity as Coca-Cola or McDonald's.

Bill George, former CEO of Medtronic and a fellow at Harvard Business School, said GE helped invent America's corporate culture.

Rochester Focuses On A New Picture Of American Manufacturing
AMERICAN MADE: THE NEW MANUFACTURING LANDSCAPE
Rochester Focuses On A New Picture Of American Manufacturing
"Throughout my lifetime, GE has been the leader in coming out with new ideas, new organization structures and has always been 5 to 10 years ahead of everyone else. So all the rest of the corporations looked to them for setting the standards," George said.

The last decade, however, that storied history seemed to unravel. Bold new products stopped appearing. The company was hit hard by the financial crisis and whole divisions — including the broadcast network NBC — were sold off. Other corporations, like Amazon, Apple and Google, moved to the center of corporate culture.

In the past year, GE's stock has plummeted and Flannery was forced in November to slash the company's dividend by 50 percent. "We understand this is an extremely painful action for our shareholders, our owners," he said.

Flannery's plan for reinventing GE is focused on simplification. He says the company will sell off $20 billion in assets, including the lighting division, which means that Thomas Edison's company will no longer make light bulbs.

General Electric will sell off $20 billion in assets, including the lighting division, which means that Thomas Edison's company will no longer make light bulbs.
Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
GE will now focus on three major product lines: energy, aviation and medical technology.

So far, a lot of analysts, including Bill George at Harvard, say they're not impressed.

"GE could become a typical industrial company and perform reasonably well," he said. "But that's not the GE we knew."

It's not that people doubt GE can still make and sell good products. This remains one of the biggest corporations in the world, with nearly 300,000 employees. But George says investors once looked to GE for something bigger, more exciting.

Xerox CEO: 'If You Don't Transform, You're Stuck'
BUSINESS
Xerox CEO: 'If You Don't Transform, You're Stuck'
During his mid-November call with analysts, Flannery asked them to withhold judgment and to give GE one more shot. "It's a heavy lift but I think for our teams this is really the opportunity of a lifetime to reinvent an iconic company," he said.

Bill Buell, the newspaperman in Schenectady, agrees there's a lot at stake, not least for places like his home town. In the 1980s, GE employed more than 25,000 people here, but wave after wave of layoffs has reduced that number to 5,000, and people are afraid.

"I know right now they're worried about people losing their jobs. It's a pretty sad story," Buell said. "Hopefully it won't get any worse than it is.

Flannery hasn't released details, but part of his reorganization plan involves cutting $2 billion in annual operating costs, with much of that savings stripped out of the company's power and energy division, headquartered right here in Schenectady.



https://www.npr.org/2017/12/02/567843266/trump-administration-delays-decision-on-race-ethnicity-data-for-census
Trump Administration Delays Decision On Race, Ethnicity Data For Census
A major decision on the way the U.S. government collects information about race and ethnicity through the census and other surveys was expected to be announced this week by the Trump administration.

But the White House's Office of Management and Budget, which sets standards for this type of data for all federal agencies, was silent on Friday, which OMB had said was the deadline for an announcement.

A spokesperson for OMB could not provide any information about the delay.

2020 Census May Ask White People To Get Specific About Their Ethnicity
NATIONAL
2020 Census May Ask White People To Get Specific About Their Ethnicity
After Scuffle, Census To Add Sexual Orientation Question To Marketing Survey
NATIONAL
After Scuffle, Census To Add Sexual Orientation Question To Marketing Survey
Under consideration by the White House are proposals introduced during the Obama administration that would fundamentally change how the government counts the Latino population. Another proposal would create a new checkbox on census forms and other federal surveys for people with roots in the Middle East or North Africa. If approved, the policy changes could have significant implications on the upcoming 2020 census, as well as legislative redistricting, civil rights laws and health statistics.

"[The delay] tells me the new administration has taken an interest in the possible changes ... and wants to way weigh in," says Terri Ann Lowenthal, a former staff director of the House oversight subcommittee for the census who now consults on census issues.

First issued as a White House Office of Management and Budget directive in 1977, the federal standards on race and ethnicity data largely have stayed the same for the past two decades. The last major revisions were announced in 1997, when the Clinton administration decided to allow recipients of the census and other federal surveys to check boxes for more than one race.

Sally Katzen, who oversaw the 1997 revisions as the administrator of the OMB's Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, says decisions by federal agencies often take more time than anticipated.

"There is no date certain for decision-making," Katzen says. "The objective in each instance is to arrive at the right decision, not at any old decision."

An announcement by early spring would help the Census Bureau prepare its report to Congress on the final wording of the 2020 census questions. That report is due by the end of March 2018.

But the timing of the Trump administration's announcement is ultimately in the hands of the White House, which has been reviewing research by the Census Bureau on the changes' potential impact, as well as public comments, and recommendations from an advisory group of experts from various federal agencies.

Some census watchers are concerned that delays could impact preparations for the 2020 census already underway.

"The later the decision is released, the more uncertainty continues as far as how the census is going to proceed with its format for collection of race and ethnicity data for 2020," says Arturo Vargas, executive director of the National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials Educational Fund, which supports the proposals to change the standards. "Given all the moving pieces and all the uncertainty about funding and leadership [at the Census Bureau], it doesn't help when there's uncertainty with this major part of data collection."

The Census Bureau has not responded to a request for comment on the impact of the delay on the 2020 census.

To prepare for the upcoming census, researchers at the bureau started studying how to improve collecting race and ethnicity information in 2010. One of the main goals has been to address confusion among many Latino census recipients, who left the race question blank or selected "some other race" — the third-largest racial group reported in 2000 and 2010.

'Many Challenges' Ahead For 2020 Census, Commerce Secretary Says
'Many Challenges' Ahead For 2020 Census, Commerce Secretary Says
The researchers' findings suggest the proposals could improve the accuracy of the 2020 count by combining the two census questions about race and Hispanic origin required by the current federal standards into one combined question, with "Hispanic or Latino" as an option for both race and ethnicity. This change, however, would likely shrink the white count on the upcoming census.

"If OMB has decided not to proceed with the major revisions that the career staff has developed in concert with the Census Bureau over the course of the decade, I think that really pulls the rug out from under a great deal of painstaking scientific research that has also cost taxpayers a lot of money since 2010," says Lowenthal, a consultant to The Leadership Conference Education Fund, which supports the proposals.

A report released by the federal advisory group earlier this year pointed to concerns about how the changes could impact state governments, schools and hospitals that may or may not follow the federal standards for their own record keeping.

"Inconsistency between self-reported [federal] survey information and reporting on administrative records results in discrepancies between major sources of information for the [nation], which could be made worse by changing the standards," wrote the advisers of the Federal Interagency Working Group for Research on Race and Ethnicity.

The White House could decide to reject the proposals and keep the status quo — or propose different changes to the standards for race and ethnicity data. But Cary Coglianese, a professor at the University of Pennsylvania Law School who directs the Penn Program on Regulation, says any decision would be limited by the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution.

"To the extent that an administration were to show racial animus and to make decisions about the statistical classification or the questions on surveys that relate to race in a manner that was motivated by racial animus, that would be clearly illegal and unconstitutional," Coglianese says.



https://www.npr.org/sections/thesalt/2017/12/03/567810864/breaking-the-bubble-of-food-writing-cultivating-diverse-stories
Breaking The Bubble Of Food Writing: Cultivating Diverse Stories
In the late 1980s, a friend gave me a T-shirt emblazoned with the words "BLACK BY POPULAR DEMAND." That gift came during a time when strong expressions and affirmations of black identity enjoyed a surge of popularity not seen since the 1960s. I've been thinking a lot about that catch phrase in the context of the recent, vibrant discussions about the place of African-Americans in today's national food scene. For people of color who want to tell food stories, "Black by Popular Demand" poignantly exposes the twin challenges we face: getting the key decision-makers in mainstream food media (I call them "gatekeepers") to desire our stories, and getting our own communities to devour our work.

Except for those times we self-publish, food writers try to persuade gatekeepers to publish our work. Gatekeepers are those who determine what content will go in magazines, newspapers, radio shows or websites; those who decide which book manuscripts to purchase, publish and market; those who book speakers for events, and those who approve projects and book appearances for television shows. I've been involved in food media for a decade, and I've interacted with gatekeepers in all of the fields above. Overwhelmingly, the food media gatekeepers I've met and worked with are white.

Just because a gatekeeper is white doesn't mean a dead end for my food-writing endeavors. In fact, many have seen value in my work, and have given me opportunities to share my passion for African-American foodways. Though I fantasize about it, I certainly don't expect every gatekeeper to immediately fall in love with my ideas for content. Rejection is part of the game. Yet, collectively, these gatekeepers continue to do things that are frustrating. Things that unnecessarily limit the opportunities for writers who want to share diverse food stories with a broader audience. Things that remain puzzling in the year 2017. What follows bears on my experience as someone who writes about African-American foodways, but other food writers of color have shared similar experiences with me.

The first, and probably most pervasive, challenge is that writers of color are often limited to writing about their traditional foods, while white writers are given much more latitude to explore a wide variety of cuisines beyond their immediate expertise. This not only applies to writing assignments from an employer or freelance work, but to getting a food media job. An established food writer of color, speaking on the condition of anonymity for fear of jeopardizing her ability to get assignments from editors, shared with me a failed attempt to get a senior-level editing job at a major food magazine. Despite an excellent resume featuring this person's work experience as a trained chef, author and ghost-writer of several successful and award-winning cookbooks and freelance pieces on several types of cuisines, this person was turned down for the position. Why? Because the magazine's gatekeeper making the hiring decision said that the applicant's expertise in ethnic cuisine wasn't transferable to a mainstream publication.

More Essays In This Series

This essay was crafted in response to a summit on racism and difference in food, staged at Rivendell Writers Colony by The Southern Foodways Alliance and Soul Summit.

Cheap Eats, Cheap Labor: The Hidden Human Costs Of Those Lists
THE SALT
Cheap Eats, Cheap Labor: The Hidden Human Costs Of Those Lists
Dinner in Appalachia: Finding Common Ground In Trump Country
THE SALT
Dinner in Appalachia: Finding Common Ground In Trump Country
Farm-To-Table May Feel Virtuous, But It's Food Labor That's Ripe For Change
THE SALT
Farm-To-Table May Feel Virtuous, But It's Food Labor That's Ripe For Change
My personal "favorite" is the pervading and persistent belief that the only appropriate time for disseminating African-American food stories is on the Martin Luther King Jr. federal holiday or during "Black History Month," which happens in February. I thought the word was out by now that black people, just like everyone else, cook and eat all year long. Perhaps not. Yet, other ethnic groups aren't so arbitrarily constrained. Imagine mostly reading about Chinese food around the lunar New Year celebration, about French food on Bastille Day, about Italian food on Columbus Day and about Mexican food on Cinco de Mayo. I have pitched stories that offered a roundup of black-owned restaurants in a particular city in order to highlight the diverse culinary expressions of African-heritage cuisines in that city's dining scene. In order to get a "hook" for their readers, editors have suggested running the piece in February. There's an entire world of food out there waiting to be explored, but we tend to hear about the same cuisines over and over again. This happens despite growing evidence that Americans are more curious about different cuisines than ever before. For the moment, diverse food writers take comfort that stories are getting published at all.

Another mystifying occurrence is the ongoing invisibility of African-Americans in food stories that have an obvious African-American connection. How many more "Best Southern Chef," "Best Southern Restaurant" or "Best Barbecue" articles (particularly ones with lists) and television shows must we read and watch that overwhelmingly feature white people? With 46 million black people living in the United States, isn't it possible that there's one African-American who can cook and has a good story to tell?

The final head-scratcher comes when media outlets finally choose to feature an African-American food story, and a white writer gets the assignment. Am I arguing that only people of a certain race should write food stories about their culture? No. I'm arguing for more balance in who gets the writing assignment. Depending upon the angle sought, an African-American writer may be able to tell a story with more dimension than someone unfamiliar with the culture. At the very least, that writer will avoid the kinds of mistakes that get people in a lot of trouble on social media.

I could go on, but one must ask, "Why does this stuff keep happening?" Having worked with a lot of these gatekeepers, I don't think that the main problem is overt racism. We're seeing the end product of an industry full of people living in a bubble. The gatekeepers tend to be cut from the same cheesecloth in terms of race, class and culture, and their professional and social circles are filled with similar people. This mix leads to a very narrow view of what's possible and interesting in the food universe, and an echo chamber in terms of what's trendy. Thus, the gatekeepers believe that their customers want stories from a certain range of subjects, and we readers and viewers get those stories ad nauseum. The gatekeepers may believe that they are casting a broad net, but it's actually fairly limited when diverse perspectives are taken into account.

Given the intense competition for consumers, one would think that the gatekeepers would try to grow their following with diverse stories and writers. Instead, they squeeze every ounce from proven formulas of success in terms of subjects and storytellers. So, how do we get the gatekeepers to realize that diversity doesn't mean showcasing different types of fascinating white people? The simplest answers are that we need more diversity amongst the gatekeepers, and more white gatekeepers who truly make diverse storytelling a priority, take more risks and make more of an effort to find and hire diverse food writers.

Yet, not all of the heavy lifting on this subject needs to be done by the gatekeepers. Food writers of color need to keep pitching ideas, continue seeking innovative ways to share diverse stories, keep the gatekeepers accountable when they fall short, and seek gate-keeping jobs when they become available. Consumers who want diverse stories need to support food writers of color by purchasing our creative products, reading our blogs, attending our presentations, suggesting we speak at presentations, and sharing our content on social media, because that has become the way that many gatekeepers measure success.

Most importantly, we have to continue growing our consumer market beyond cookbooks to include writing about food culture and food history. This will be challenging. As one person said while contemplating whether or not to attend one of my book talks: "I don't want to hear some brother talk about soul food. I want to eat it!" It was kind of hard to argue with him. The main point is that gatekeepers are constantly making business decisions, and evidence of a strong consumer demand should tip the scales in favor of more diversity.

We all have some work to do to raise the visibility of diverse food stories and have diverse cultures acknowledged for their culinary contributions to our national food scene. Given the recent success of African-American-authored blogs, cookbooks and culinary histories, one can no longer argue with a straight face that there is no market for these stories. Unfortunately, some gatekeepers will continue to limit the opportunity for diverse food stories to be told, but others are trying.

Just recently, a gatekeeper for a popular, food-oriented website reached out to me to find diverse voices to include in a regional barbecue story. Diverse food stories are out there, and they are easier to find than one might think. Who's ready to forage and harvest the bounty?

Adrian Miller is the author of the James Beard Award-winning book Soul Food: The Surprising Story of an American Cuisine, One Plate at a Time. His latest book is The President's Kitchen Cabinet: The Story of the African Americans Who Have Fed Our First Families, from the Washingtons to the Obamas.



https://www.npr.org/2017/12/03/567282814/new-jersey-takes-on-major-professional-sports-leagues-in-sports-betting-case
New Jersey Takes On Major Professional Sports Leagues In Sports Betting Case
he justices of the U.S. Supreme Court have been known to play a long shot in an election betting pool or to bet a colleague about the outcome of the World Series. But the stakes are usually just a few dollars. Not so for the winners and losers in a case to be heard Monday that tests whether the federal ban on sports betting in most states unconstitutionally tramples on state sovereignty.

The Bradley Act

The ban was known as the Bradley Act, after its chief promoter, Sen. Bill Bradley, D-N.J.

New York Knicks player Bill Bradley is shown in New York City in Oct. 1970.
AP
Bradley played 10 years for the New York Knicks, helping them win two NBA championships. The former Princeton star and Rhodes scholar went on to serve three terms in the Senate, winning accolades as a serious legislator.

In all of his 18 years on Capitol Hill, Bradley introduced just one bill related to sports — a ban on sports betting.

The bill, which passed easily, banned gambling on sports in 46 states, exempting four states — Delaware, Montana, Nevada and Oregon — that had already legalized it, and giving all the rest a year in which to legalize sports gambling if they wanted to.

In an NPR interview, Bradley said his motivation was simple, and personal. "Betting on sports was betting on human beings, and I thought that was wrong," he explained. "It turns players into roulette chips. It makes the game, which is a game of high-level competition and excellence, into slot machines, and I don't think that should be what we do in this country."

Bradley said there was virtually no congressional opposition to his bill back in 1992. Though Bradley added that Donald Trump, with failing investments in Atlantic City casinos, lobbied against it, believing that sports betting was the answer to his financial problems there.

After the bill passed, New Jersey did not seek to legalize gambling in its one-year window of opportunity.

That was then, and this is now, however.

Now the American Gaming Association estimates that illegal sports betting has grown to $150-billion-a-year market. And cash-starved states are salivating at the thought of raising billions from legalizing and licensing that activity, not to mention taxing the proceeds.

Down the shore

Enter New Jersey, home to at least a half dozen shuttered Atlantic City casinos, and a state where Republicans and Democrats since 2011 have been trying to overturn the federal ban or somehow get around it.

Casinos are seen along the boardwalk in Atlantic City, N.J., in June. In the background is the former Revel Casino.
Seth Wenig/AP
"We intend to go forward to allow sports gambling to happen," Gov. Chris Christie, R-N.J., said bluntly at an event to promote Atlantic City in 2012. "If someone wants to stop us, then they'll have to take action to try to stop us."

Twice the state has tried to legalize sports betting. Twice, the major sports leagues and the NCAA have taken the state to court, each time contending that the state is violating the federal ban enacted in 1992. And twice the state has lost in federal appeals court.

Now, however, the issue has reached the Supreme Court, with the state contending that the federal law unconstitutionally commandeers the states to enforce the federal ban.

Playing puppet master or just business as usual vis-a-vis states?

Arguing Monday's case will be two men, each of whom served as solicitor general in the George W. Bush administration.

Supreme Court To Open A Whirlwind Term
LAW
Supreme Court To Open A Whirlwind Term
Representing New Jersey is lawyer Ted Olson who argues that the federal government cannot tell the states they have to carry out the federal ban on sports betting.

He contends the federal government cannot say to the states: "You're just working for us. You take the responsibility. We'll give the instructions. We'll be the puppet master."

He rests his case on two prior Supreme Court cases holding that the federal government cannot commandeer a state's apparatus to enforce a federal law. Most notably, in 1997 the Supreme Court ruled that the federal law requiring state and local officials to carry out background checks on gun buyers was unconstitutional because it commandeered, or conscripted, state and local officials to enforce a federal law.

Justices May Impose New Limits On Government Access To Cellphone Data
LAW
Justices May Impose New Limits On Government Access To Cellphone Data
But lawyer Paul Clement, representing the sports leagues and backed by the Trump administration, says this case is very different. He contends that the federal ban on sports betting doesn't commander anything. All it does is set out what states may not do.

Clement says that the federal ban simply says that the states "can't authorize sports betting. They can't authorize a state lottery system that involves a component of sports gambling."

Clement argues that "it's just not that unusual for Congress to tell states that they can't do things that they want to do."

Congress, in such cases, is establishing a federal policy that pre-empts what the states can do.

The Supreme Court has often upheld such federal pre-emption statutes — for example, barring states from adding to federally approved labels for pharmaceuticals, or barring states from setting trucking rates.

The clash of constitutional theories in this case, however, may be besides the point in the real world. In the modern economic landscape, there is a growing tolerance for sports betting. Even among the sports leagues that are fighting New Jersey in this case there is more interest in Congress in changing the federal law.

Money, money, money

The reason boils down to one simple word: money.

Everybody sees a chance to profit, from the states to the professional sports leagues.

In 2014, Adam Silver, commissioner of the National Basketball Association, wrote an op-ed piece in the New York Times calling for "a federal framework" to legalize sports betting.

The National Football and National Hockey Leagues have decided to move major sports teams to the capital of sports betting, Las Vegas.

Odds are displayed on a screen at a sports book owned and operated by CG Technology in Las Vegas in 2015.
John Locher/AP
Major League Baseball, as well as the NBA and the NHL, have invested in sports fantasy companies. And the NFL, as well as Major League Baseball, are increasingly partnering with data dissemination firms for gambling purposes overseas.

So it is no surprise that even if the court does not uncork the bottle of legalized sports betting, Congress just might revisit its ban.

For the man who started it all — Bill Bradley — that is dispiriting.

"A lot of things make money," he said. "The question is what's right and what's wrong. Do you want your children involved in betting on sports? How about little league? How about junior high school?"

After all, he says, there's money to be made by betting on the spread in those games, too.

A decision in the sports betting case is expected later in the Supreme Court term.



https://www.npr.org/sections/parallels/2017/12/02/565464499/greek-orthodox-church-sells-land-in-israel-worrying-both-israelis-and-palestinia
Greek Orthodox Church Sells Land In Israel, Worrying Both Israelis And Palestinians
Secretive real estate deals in the Holy Land are putting one of Jerusalem's most powerful and ancient churches in the spotlight.

The Greek Orthodox Church calls itself the second-largest landowner in Israel, after the Israeli government. It says it owns some 30 percent of Jerusalem's walled Old City, the city's historic core, and controls the largest stake of any Christian denomination in the Church of the Holy Sepulcher, home to the traditional tomb of Jesus. It also owns lands throughout Jerusalem, Israel and the West Bank.

But in recent years, church leaders have quietly sold off several properties to anonymous investors fronted by companies registered in far-flung tax havens. Israeli and Jewish businessmen were later identified as some of the buyers.

These deals have only recently become public, raising panic among Israelis whose apartments are built on church land and leading to small but growing public protests by some Palestinian church members.

The church leadership is dominated by Greek nationals, but the church's local following is largely Palestinian. Some Palestinians are worried about possible implications for their quest for independence.

"We are concerned because these are the properties of the church. And these properties are diminishing year after year," said Hanna Amireh, a Palestinian official in charge of church affairs. "This is part of our land, in a way or another. We don't want this land to be sold ... to our enemy."

The question of landownership strikes at the core of the Israeli-Palestinian tug of war over Jerusalem. Israel captured East Jerusalem, whose holy sites include the Church of the Holy Sepulcher, Al-Aqsa Mosque and Western Wall, in 1967. But the Palestinians demand that part of the city as the capital of a future independent state.

The land dispute saga began a decade ago at Jaffa Gate, the most prominent entrance to the Old City of Jerusalem, where throngs of pilgrims pass on their way to the city's most revered religious sites. Just inside the gate are two hotels run by Palestinian families but owned by the Greek Orthodox Church.

In 2005, an Israeli newspaper reported on a secret deal struck the year before by the Greek Orthodox Patriarchate — the church leadership — to sell the hotels to Ateret Cohanim, a Jewish settler group that aims to buy up Palestinian-owned properties in strategic locations in Jerusalem to increase Jewish control in the contested city.

The church's sale caused an uproar among Palestinians in the Greek Orthodox community. Then-Greek Orthodox Patriarch Irenaios I was accused of conspiring to sell the property. Rumors swirled about the patriarch's relationship with the young man who conducted the secret property deals with the patriarch's power of attorney.

The scandal led to Irenaios' ouster – sparking yet another drama.

The portrait of Patriarch Theophilos III looks over the entrance to the East Imperial Hotel in the Old City of Jerusalem, a property the previous patriarch sold to a Jewish settler organization in a controversial sale that led to his ouster. Patriarch Theophilos is fighting to annul the sale in Israeli court.
Daniel Estrin/NPR
For years, Irenaios holed himself up in his apartment in the church headquarters in Jerusalem's Old City, refusing to accept his expulsion and afraid he would be locked out if he left the premises. A sympathetic Palestinian grocer brought him food, which Irenaios hoisted up to his window by rope.

A new church leader was appointed, Patriarch Theophilos III, who is fighting in Israeli court to annul the sale of church-owned properties in Jaffa Gate during his predecessor's tenure. A lower court recently deemed the sale to be proper, and the patriarch is appealing to Israeli Supreme Court.

But Theophilos is now on the defensive. News first broke this summer about additional land deals, which he personally approved.

More details about the land deals have been reported in the Israeli press in recent weeks and months.

Many of the deals in question are of lands that the church leased in the 1950s to institutions affiliated with the Israeli government, like the Jewish National Fund, a century-old nonprofit dedicated to obtaining land and developing Jewish communities in Israel.

The church sold lands in the upscale beachside cities of Caesarea and Jaffa to companies registered in the Caribbean. In other deals, Israeli investors purchased large tracts of land in the most luxurious neighborhoods of West Jerusalem. When the long-term lease on the land expires in a few decades, these companies will decide the fate of the apartments on those lands.

Leaseholders in the area say their property values have dropped drastically because of the uncertainty.

"I am not doing any renovations," said Nava Bat-Zur, whose apartment is on land sold by the church. "It is hard to sell these properties."

She has helped rally residents to lobby Israeli authorities to do something to resolve their predicament.

Amid controversy over real estate deals in the Holy Land, the Greek Orthodox Patriarch is conducting a rare public campaign to drum up support for churches' property rights.
Daniel Estrin/NPR
A bill in the Israeli parliament is proposing that the government immediately expropriate Greek Orthodox Church lands if they are sold to private investors.

That has alarmed Jerusalem-based churches of many denominations, and the Greek Orthodox Patriarch is now conducting a rare public campaign, recording a video message in English that warns of of an "assault" on the church, and taking an international tour — meeting with the pope, the archbishop of Canterbury and other faith leaders — to drum up support for churches' property rights.

Local Palestinian church members argue whether the property sales are actually benefiting the local flock.

"All that [money] was put in projects that serve the preservation of the Christian community in the Holy Land" like church-run schools and a housing project for Palestinian church members in East Jerusalem, said Dmitri Diliani, a Palestinian church member supportive of the patriarch's deals.

Ghassan Munayyer, a Palestinian citizen of Israel and member of the church who opposes the land deals, argues that other churches in the Holy Land invest more in their local flock than the wealthy Greek Orthodox Church does. He says the patriarch has not reached out to the community to explain the recent land deals.

"We ask always: 'Why you disgrace us? Why you hate us so much?' " said Munayyer. "You don't invest anything in the local community. And now you sell our land."

The church has conducted some two dozen major land deals in Israel, the West Bank and Jerusalem in recent years, according to a Greek Orthodox Patriarchate official who spoke to NPR on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized by the church to speak openly about the matter.

The official offered a defense for some of the recent land deals. In the case of the Jewish National Fund, he said the fund asked the church to renew its lease on a large tract of land in the Jerusalem neighborhood of Rehavia. The lands were leased to the JNF in the early 1950s for a period of 99 years, and the JNF wished to negotiate a new lease early.

The church said the JNF made a low offer for the new lease, and the church felt its hands were tied, believing it could not actually reject the offer and evict the tenants from their upscale neighborhood. In addition, he said, the church was under pressure from Israeli officials about extending the lease of the land.

So the church sold the land to an Israeli investor and got rid of a "headache," the official said.

Other church properties were sold, either to generate income or to get rid of properties that had caused the church problems, he said. One was sold after the church was found in breach of the lease and an Israeli court ordered it to pay millions of dollars in damages, even threatening Israeli expropriation of a Greek Orthodox monastery property in a politically sensitive part of East Jerusalem, the official said.

"None of these deals are endangering the future dream of the Palestinian people. None are siphoning off endowments," the official said, referring to churches and monasteries considered to be ecclesiastical holdings.

In a city contested by both Israelis and Palestinians, the story of church-owned land in Jerusalem has always been sensitive.

A former Israeli city planner, Israel Kimhi, said he mapped out all the church-owned lands in Jerusalem for an atlas he helped prepare in the early 1970s. But he said the Israeli government censor prohibited the map from being released to the public.

"To see the amount of land that is owned by others, not by Israelis, in those very sensitive areas — at that time, the government decided it was not a good thing to show," Kimhi said.

As the public learns more about the Greek Orthodox Church's holdings, it has opened a Pandora's box of worries about the city's future — because other churches own lands and properties in Jerusalem.

Some fear that investors with deep pockets and ideological ambitions — Israelis wanting a toehold in a Palestinian area of the city, or vice versa — might pressure a church into selling a property, giving Israelis or Palestinians one more win in the real estate battle for control in the city.



https://www.npr.org/2017/12/01/567789605/cyntoia-brown-case-highlights-how-child-sex-trafficking-victims-are-prosecuted
Cyntoia Brown Case Highlights How Child Sex Trafficking Victims Are Prosecuted
Twenty-nine-year-old Cyntoia Brown has been locked up in a Tennessee prison for 13 years, after she was convicted of first-degree murder and aggravated robbery in the killing of a man who hired her as a prostitute when she was 16.

At trial, Brown's lawyers argued she was a runaway who was raped, abused and forced into prostitution by a man known as "Kut Throat." She will be eligible for parole after she turns 69.

Truckers Take The Wheel In Effort To Halt Sex Trafficking
NATIONAL
Truckers Take The Wheel In Effort To Halt Sex Trafficking
Brown's case re-entered the spotlight this month after a group of celebrities including Kim Kardashian West, Rihanna and Snoop Dogg posted their support on social media with the hashtag, #FreeCyntoiaBrown. An online petition urging Tennessee's governor to consider clemency for Brown has garnered more than 4,000 signatures.

Renewed attention on Brown's case is shining a light on how the criminal justice system treats child victims of sex trafficking who commit crimes. Each year, more than 1,000 children are arrested for prostitution in the U.S., according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics.

Advocates say that in many cases those children are the true victims, and argue Brown's case should be reconsidered under new "safe harbor" laws that protect trafficked minors from criminal charges.

Filmmaker Dan Birman, who produced a 2011 PBS documentary about Brown's case, says if Brown were arrested today, her case would have a different outcome than it did in 2004.

"If Cyntoia Brown were arrested today, she would not be charged as a prostitute. She would be considered a young girl who's involved in sex trafficking," he tells Here & Now's Robin Young. "That means that a young girl who in past years might have been considered a prostitute, it isn't so because they're not making that choice, and the laws are reflecting this."

Kim Kardashian West
✔
@KimKardashian
The system has failed. It’s heart breaking to see a young girl sex trafficked then when she has the courage to fight back is jailed for life! We have to do better & do what’s right. I’ve called my attorneys yesterday to see what can be done to fix this. #FreeCyntoiaBrown
7:57 AM - Nov 21, 2017
 4,822 4,822 Replies   225,321 225,321 Retweets   543,377 543,377 likes
Twitter Ads info and privacy
Birman explains that if Brown were tried as a minor, she would have been released by age 19. Although the Supreme Court ruled in 2010 that mandatory life sentences for juveniles without the possibility of parole or automatic review are unconstitutional, that decision does not apply to Brown.

Tennessee law requires an automatic review of life sentences after 51 years. According to The Tennessean, at least 183 people in the state are serving life sentences for crimes committed when they were teenagers.

Twenty states have recently passed laws granting trafficked kids immunity for other crimes, such as truancy and underage drinking, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. At least 29 states have laws that clear the criminal records of trafficking victims for other crimes.

The prosecutor in Brown's case maintains that the victim is the man she killed. But her defense lawyer, Kathy Sinback, argues Brown should not have been tried as an adult because she was forced into this situation by sexual predators. Brown's lawyers also argue she suffered from fetal alcohol syndrome, which disrupted her cognition.

"You are basically taking a kid at age 14 or 15 or 16 and making a decision about the rest of their life based on who they are at that age, and they're not developed human beings at that time," Sinback told The Tennessean last year. "You have kids at their peak of poor judgment, impulsivity and lack of development and we're taking that one thing that they do and locking them into sentences that are going to last for the rest of their lives."

THE TWO-WAY
Backpage Shuts Down Adult Ads In The U.S., Citing Government Pressure
Brown has never denied murdering 43-year-old Johnny Mitchell Allen, but she claims she did so in self-defense after he brought her to his home for sex.

According to court documents, Brown shot Allen with a handgun in her purse after she thought he was reaching for a gun under his bed. Prosecutors claimed she killed Allen in order to rob him because she took his wallet and two guns before leaving his home.

Birman says Brown's story is likely returning to the spotlight because more women are feeling compelled to come forward about sexual abuse. He says Brown hopes her case has an impact on how the criminal justice system treats children who are victims of sex trafficking.

"She agreed to do this documentary because at the time when I asked her the question in the very first week that I met her ... why would you want to do this?" he says, "her answer has been and continues to be, if I can keep one child from going down the path that I went down, it will be worth it."



https://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/2017/12/03/567726950/how-chickens-and-goats-are-helping-to-stop-child-marriage
How Chickens And Goats Are Helping To Stop Child Marriage
Many girls get married before age 18 in the northern, Amhara region of Ethiopia. The legal age of marriage is 18 — but the law is seldom enforced.

"My family received a request for my marriage when I was in grade 6," says one young woman from the area, who asked not to be named to protect her privacy. "All my elder sisters were married when they were children. It was common in the kebele [neighborhood]."

The youngest in her family, she is now 23, a university graduate and still unmarried.

And the reason has a lot to do with ... a chicken.

"See, one misperception is that child marriage is an intractable practice," says Annabel Erulkar, a social scientist at the Population Council who helped launch a program called Berhane Hewan in Ethiopia about 14 years ago. "My experience is that communities are quite open to change," she says — especially when they are presented with better alternatives.

And Berhane Hewan presented a lot of alternatives. The first step was setting up regular community meetings where locals could discuss child marriage and why it is so widely practiced in the area — and what it would take for families to stop it.

Many families were pulling their daughters out of school because they couldn't afford school fees. So Berhane Hewan gave school supplies to participating girls between the ages of 10 and 19 and also matched them up with older female mentors.

Families who kept their girls unmarried and in school for two years were rewarded with a goat, sheep or a pair of chickens.

The multi-faceted approach seemed to work. In a 2009 study, Erulkar tested out the program with more than 450 girls from the village of Mosebo. She found that girls age 10-to-14 who participated in the two-year program were 90 percent less likely to be married than girls in a nearby community who didn't participate.

The key to the program's success, Erulkar says, was involving community leaders.

"The idea of the goats and the chickens came from the communities, at one of those meetings," Erulkar says. In this part of Africa, the lure of a "bride price" or dowry — in the form of money or livestock — often pushes parents to arrange early marriages for their daughters, she says. The gift of an animal gives families an economic incentive to hold off.

"In Ethiopia, we found that chickens were the best choice," Erulkar says. That's because men usually tend to goats, but "the girls themselves would harvest the eggs and sell them for school supplies."

At these meetings, communities also "devised their own, home-grown approaches to fighting child marriage," Erulkar says. In some villages, for instance, where it was customary for neighbors to help each other harvest crops, local leaders agreed that families that arranged an underage marriage wouldn't get any such help.

Even the idea for the program's name — which means "light of Eve" in Amharic — came out of an early community meeting.

Bolstered by early results, Erulkar and her colleagues expanded the program in Ethiopia and launched similar ones in Burkina Faso and Tanzania, enrolling more than 12,000 girls and their families. A report published on the Population Council's website this summer analyzed the effect of each strategy — community meetings, free school supplies and gifts of livestock — deployed separately and together.

Different tactics worked in different areas. In Tanzania, for example, in communities where girls were offered goats for remaining unmarried and in school, girls aged 15–17 were two-thirds less likely to be married than girls of the same age in a nearby community where there weren't offered goats. A full summary of the findings is available online.

The key to Berhane Hewan's success was involving local communities, says a social scientist who helped launch the program.
Zeleman Productions Courtesy of Population Council
Erulkar and her colleagues hope that programs like Berhane Hewan will help change social norms around child marriage. "We haven't studied the long-term impact at this point," she says. "But when we go back to the communities we do find that it made a lasting change. Families suddenly realize [they] don't have to carry on with this practice of child marriage."

Most of the communities have continued to hold regular meetings to discuss not just child marriage but all sorts of issues, Erulkar says. "And we've seen that the community-based mentors we've trained tend to carry on the work even after the program is over."

Anita Raj, who heads the Center on Gender Equity and Health at the University of California, San Diego, is impressed. "From what I've seen so far, I'd say it's a strong program that has strong science underlying it," says Raj, who was not involved in the development or study of Berhane Hewan. She does believe that further monitoring of long-term effects is essential.

Programs to prevent child marriages can be especially complicated to design, Raj says. Interventions can backfire. Over two decades ago, a program similar to Berhane Hewan, called "Our Daughters, Our Wealth," was set up in Haryana, India. Families who kept their daughters in school and unmarried were rewarded with $400. "The problem was, families basically viewed the payment as dowry," Raj says. Families used the money to boost their daughters' dowry funds and marry them off as soon as they turned 18.

The lesson, Raj says, is that incentives aren't enough — they have to be accompanied by community discussions around how child marriage hurts girls, and how elevating the status of girls can benefit everyone. That's where Berhane Hewan has done well, she says.

Indeed it's at least succeeded in changing the views one 52-year-old farmer in Amhara, who asked not to be named to protect his family's privacy. "I was guilty of arranging child marriages," he told NPR. "It was deep-rooted problem in the community, which was believed to be a good practice to establish strong relationships between families."

Now, two of his daughters have completed schooling through the 10th grade, he says. "They are free to decide and choose their partner and when to marry."



https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2017/12/03/565683105/should-eye-surgeons-fulfill-a-dying-mans-wish-to-see-his-family
Should Eye Surgeons Fulfill A Dying Man's Wish To See His Family?
Vincent Thomas had battled multiple myeloma for quite some time and gone through countless treatments and drug regimens, which weren't stopping his cancer. He and his family made the decision to go on hospice care.

The thing was, his eyesight had failed him. He had significant cataracts, or clouding of the lenses, in both eyes. He couldn't see his family, he couldn't drive himself to his doctor's appointments, and this once-fiercely independent man had to learn to depend on others just to cut his food.

He wanted to see his family before he died.

"He was a really hands-on type of person," his daughter, India Haashim, says. "So it was frustrating for him because he was so used to being independent and working multiple jobs at a time and not relying on people."

Although he had only a short time left, Thomas, who was 58 and lived in Detroit, wanted to proceed with surgery to remove his cataracts, even though he was stopping his cancer medications and going on hospice care.

Cataracts surgery allowed Vincent Thomas to regain some independence and see his family in the last weeks of his life.
Courtesy of India Haashim
As an ophthalmologist, I consider a cataract a very easily treated disease. The surgery involves removing the natural lens and replacing it with a plastic one. It's one of the most commonly performed procedures in this country, often takes less than 20 minutes and can be performed under local anesthesia with minimal risk. Patients go home the same day and are often prescribed several different eye drops, but the care is pretty simple. Vision often improves within a few days.

It's a pretty exciting treatment — I don't think anything else in medicine gives such instant gratification! It's kind of like changing a dirty and cracked windshield; the car itself is working fine, but the driver's view of the road is blocked, so the car is undrivable. Switch out that windshield and voila! Instant improvement.

But Mr. Thomas' case started an uproar at Michigan Medicine, where I work.

Our anesthesiologist and others on the operating room team were opposed to performing a surgery on a patient on hospice with only weeks to live. The anesthesiologist was trained in Britain and noted that Thomas' cataracts would never be removed there, where committees decide on the utility of certain treatments and procedures. For someone who would only get a few weeks of "use" out of his surgery, the costs couldn't be justified. Thomas' oncologist was concerned about his health and had a serious discussion with him. However, Thomas understood the risks and decided it was worth it to undergo the surgery.

After his surgery, Thomas regained his independence. He was able to drive himself to his appointments. He went to a family reunion where he was able to visit with relatives he had not seen clearly in years, and he could interact with his grandchildren for the last time. He died a few weeks after the operation.

So were we right to perform this surgery? Or were we greedy doctors, only out for the bottom line, driving up the cost of medical care in this country? We see a cataract and need to take it out even though a patient is dying? If you have a hammer, everything looks like a nail, right?

By one estimate, 27 percent of Medicare dollars are spent in the last year of a patient's life. At the end of the life of a person who is dying from cancer, we often use expensive drugs or painful procedures that a patient must endure to prolong his life. These last-ditch efforts can be expensive and the treatments grueling, at times adding only a few months more of life, which may be pretty painful and difficult.

For patients with multiple myeloma who have failed other treatments, treating their disease and the side effects of the treatment can cost $125,000 to $256,000 per patient. Compared with this, cataract surgery is chump change, at less than $3,000 paid out by Medicare when all fees are counted.

We make heroic, costly efforts to prolong life, but what about treatments that improve life, that make people's last days better and allow them to finish their days in a meaningful way?

Nancy Belanger, a research scholar at the Hastings Institute, was surprised that this one case created such a stir among Thomas' care team. She notes that cataract surgery is a quick, highly effective procedure; is pretty straightforward; solves the problem quickly; and makes one's remaining life better. In oncology and hospice literature, the importance of asking questions such as, "How do you want to spend the rest of your life?" is paramount.

When I asked Dr. Aron Rose, an ophthalmologist at Yale and the chair of the Bioethics Steering Committee for the White House Sub-Saharan Africa Cancer Care Initiative, what he thought about providing cataract surgery to someone with a terminal illness, he said that the ability to improve vision quickly and painlessly is "kind of a no-brainer. ... The chances are enormous they will gain a huge boost ... during their last period alive."

Rose often goes to resource-poor regions around the globe to deliver health care, and he notes that while rationing care makes sense in these places where medical expertise, anesthesia and surgical supplies are limited, these ethical principles can't be applied universally. "If I was in Burma, I would pass on it, because it means that a kid or someone who had 30 or 40 more years to live wouldn't get the treatment."

Certainly health care funds are not endless, and we have to take care that we are not wasting money that could be spent elsewhere. And part of our medical training these days centers on being efficient, thoughtful users of health care resources. But I argue that this was such a use. Cataract surgery has been shown to be cost-effective in hospice patients.

Compared with all of Thomas' other treatments, this was less expensive and had more of an impact on the quality of his final days. Haashim says she hopes other patients like her father will be able to "at least experience their final days as pleasurably as possible."

As a doctor who has seen what a difference it makes to be able to see one's family, I can't imagine giving someone something more precious than sight in his final days.



https://www.npr.org/2017/12/03/567632620/in-bombshell-the-double-identity-of-hollywood-star-hedy-lamarr
In 'Bombshell,' The Double Identity Of Hollywood Star Hedy Lamarr
If you're reading this through some kind of Bluetooth or Wi-Fi gadget, here's an interesting fact: Some ideas behind that technology can be traced back to a famous actress from the 1930s. Her name was Hedy Lamarr.

The story of this stunning beauty of the silver screen is told in the new documentary Bombshell. From a scandalous debut in the pre-war European film Ecstasy to Hollywood films including Algiers and Samson And Delilah, the documentary tells little-known details of how she was worked grueling days by Hollywood producers and spent her nights in her own laboratory where she loved to invent.

"She had this double identity that is so fascinating to all of us," says Alexandra Dean, the director of Bombshell. "She was on sound stages all day with Clark Gable, Spencer Tracy, Jimmy Stewart – I mean, the biggest stars. And at night, she was going home and inventing. And she was inventing with her sometime-boyfriend, Howard Hughes.

"He gave her the laboratory; he gave her access to his chemists. So she had people helping her with her ideas. And I think that's what gave her the bold vision for the invention that she would become famous for."

'Most Beautiful Woman' By Day, Inventor By Night
AUTHOR INTERVIEWS
'Most Beautiful Woman' By Day, Inventor By Night
With musical composer George Antheil, Lamarr developed frequency-hopping signals, a form of encrypted transmission. She received a patent for the technology, which she intended for guiding Allied torpedoes in World War II, but the U.S. Navy shelved it until much later.

"So what she presented them with was leaps and bounds beyond, in fact, their comprehension at the time," Dean says. "But they just dismissed it out of hand, thinking this was something that a musician and a gorgeous movie star came up with. And they said, you know, what do you want to do, put a player piano inside a torpedo?"

It's only one part of the complicated life led by a major actress of her day.

Interview Highlights
On how Lamarr, an Austrian-born Jewish woman on the run from Nazis, convinced studio executive Louis B. Mayer to sign her

So she's on the back foot already, right? She's fleeing the Nazis. Mayer thinks he can scoop her up at a discount price, like he's doing with all the other Jewish actors and actresses fleeing the Nazis. And he offers her this lowball offer. She storms out and immediately her agent says to her, "You're in big trouble. He's off to New York in the morning on this big ship, the Normandie and the tickets are sold out." And she goes, you know what? I'm gonna find a way on that ship.

And this is how she is – she's got this incredible mind. And the first thing she thinks is: Who can I impersonate? And she impersonates the governess for a young prodigy, a musical prodigy that the agent also represented (who did not need a governess in any way — I believe he was 17 or something). But she impersonated his governess, got on board, and as soon as she was on board, dressed herself as the megastar she wanted Louis B. Mayer to see her as. [She] paraded herself in front of him until he was so dazzled at the reaction she was getting from the men on the ship that he offered her a factor of five times more for the same contract at his studio, and also the guarantee that she would be treated as a star.

On what attracted Dean to this story

You know, I was doing a series on inventors for two years for Bloomberg Television called Innovators. It really gave me this moment to meditate on: Who are the inventors who create our world? How do we celebrate them? What are the obstacles that they face? And one of the obstacles that a lot of the inventors that were not, you know, the typical classical inventor that you'd have in your mind when you close your eyes — by that I mean women, or diverse candidates — they would say to me, look, it's a little harder for us to taken seriously to get funding. That's why there's less of us.

And that really, you know, bothered me, stayed with me. I saw Richard Rhodes' book Hedy's Folly — which was given to me by Katherine Drew, a great producer in our office — and I realized this was the answer to my question, you know: That some people are intentionally, they were erased, or not intentionally erased from the cultural dialogue because they just don't seem like inventors.

On Lamarr's victimization by her Hollywood work environment, which led to a crippling meth addiction

Because what we learn about the system, when we study Hedy's story, is that the system really worked these actresses like they were, you know, in a stable – they were racehorses in a stable. They were worked from morning to night, and the way that they got them to do that was to feed them drugs. Downers and uppers, it was not uncommon at the time; a lot of speed. And Hedy got hooked on these drugs, and in the end, that's what destroyed her.

On what Dean takes away from Lamarr's life story

You know, the takeaway for me is really the poem she reads at the end of the movie. You'll see she reads this poem which is very moving because she's had so much disappointment and felt so overlooked in her life. But what she's saying in the poem is [paraphrasing]: Even if you feel that you've been kicked in the teeth, and the world never gave you the applause you deserved because you did something amazing and it was not recognized, do it anyway. Do it anyway because it's in changing the world that you'll find meaning at the end of your life. It's in trying to make your mark. And I love that, and I think everybody should listen to that – you know, that it's in the work, the doing, that you'll find meaning, not in the applause.



https://www.npr.org/sections/altlatino/2017/12/01/567229656/all-latino-album-review-calma-camonas-100-vidas
Alt.Latino Album Review: Calma Camona's '100 Vidas'
For someone from my generation, which grew up with the sound, it is a complete joy to see younger artists embrace soul music in such creative ways. Equally thrilling is to witness the genre's influence in Latin America and how it has been interpreted by the region's vocalists, whose first language may not have been English.

Calma Carmona — who has Puerto Rican heritage and currently lives on the island — is, very ably, carving out a place for herself in a populated field of singers reclaiming soul music as their own. Carmona is part of a wave of female vocalists with Caribbean roots making a big noise across pop music: Rihanna, Cardi B and Nicki Minaj, just to highlight a few of its best-known names.

Carmona's new album, 100 Vidas, is a bold statement of independence; the strength of her musical vision is contrasted with the coy, soft nature of her vocals.



https://www.npr.org/2017/12/02/567773373/emily-wilsons-odyssey-scrapes-the-barnacles-off-homers-hull
Emily Wilson's 'Odyssey' Scrapes The Barnacles Off Homer's Hull
In the 17th century, the poet John Dryden satirized the deep anxiety around letting women learn the Classics:

But of all Plagues, the greatest is untold;
The Book-Learn'd Wife in Greek and Latin bold.
The Critick-Dame, who at her Table sits:
Homer and Virgil quotes, and weighs their Wits;
Alas! We Critick-Dames abound. But we were a long time coming. Because the classics were so closely associated with elite institutions, they came to symbolize a certain kind of cultural and political power, a power men were loath to give up. Besides, the gospels were in Greek. Homer was in Greek. Would it be wise to let women have unmediated access to so much wisdom all at once? Who knows what seditious secondary readings they might attempt?

"'I dare say, if I could read the original Greek, I should find that many of the words have been wrongly translated, perhaps misapprehended altogether," says Caroline Helstone in Charlotte Bronte's novel Shirley, after being scolded with a passage from the New Testament, "It would be possible, I doubt not, with a little ingenuity, to give the passage quite a contrary turn; to make it say, "Let the woman speak out whenever she sees fit to make an objection."

It's hard to believe now, but women learning the classics was a genuine threat to male power. Against this long background of misogyny and fear, it is surprising, but not astonishing, that the first English translation of the Odyssey by a woman has only now come out.

A Scholar And His Octogenarian Dad Take On Homer's 'Odyssey'
AUTHOR INTERVIEWS
A Scholar And His Octogenarian Dad Take On Homer's 'Odyssey'
In 'ODY-C,' A Greek Hero Worthy Of Women
BOOK REVIEWS
In 'ODY-C,' A Greek Hero Worthy Of Women
Classicist Emily Wilson's brisk and understated new version sweeps away much of the nostalgic detritus from the story of Odysseus's wandering way home after the Trojan war. The original poem was not written, but oral, probably composed by many different poets, who passed it down performance by performance. Wilson's metre — friendly iambic pentameter — helps retain that storytelling feel. Without contortions, the lines run quickly, better allowing for drama and suspense. Here, Odysseus surveys the banquet hall after he has slaughtered his wife's suitors:

Odysseus scanned his property for survivors
who might be hiding to escape destruction.
He saw them fallen, all of them, so many,
lying in blood and dust, like fish hauled up
out of the dark-gray sea in fine-mesh nets.
All tipped out on the curving beach's sand
They gasp for water from the salty sea.
The sun shines down and takes their life away.
So lay the suitors, piled up on each other.
Wilson dispenses gracefully with unnecessary archaisms and flourishes. If you read enough classics in translation, you may come away with the vague idea that much of the Greek literary canon took place in some idyllic part of pre-contemporary England, what with the harks and hails, thous and thees, woes and alases, fair maids and noble lords, and the puzzling fact that everyone's first initial seems to be O.

Wilson's project is basically a progressive one: to scrape away all the centuries of verbal and ideological buildup — the Christianizing (Homer predates Christianity), the nostalgia, the added sexism (the epics are sexist enough as they are), and the Victorian euphemisms — to reveal something fresh and clean. Why call them "handmaidens" when they were slaves? Why insist, as so many translators do, on 19th-century diction when that time had no more in common with Homer's than ours?

Though it's silly to ascribe too much to her gender rather than her skill, Wilson does have a certain double sensibility that often translates male grandeur with a female half-smile. The first book opens, "Tell me about a complicated man." Complicated is her translation for the Greek word polytropos — literally, "of many turns." Complicated means something folded together, something intricate, and layered, so it suits the meaning beautifully. But it also carries the faintest of eyerolls — he's complicated.

Wilson's flashes of humor feel like meeting the eye of a friend over some very distinguished speaker who has droned on a little long.
Wilson's flashes of humor feel like meeting the eye of a friend over some very distinguished speaker who has droned on a little long. Take a scene from the final book, in which Odysseus and his son are engaging in some pre-battle bravado. In E.V. Rieu's translation, Odysseus's father exclaims, "What a day this is to warm my heart! My son and grandson competing in valor!" Compare Wilson's quietly cutting lines: "Laertes, thrilled, cried out, 'Ah, gods!/A happy day for me! My son and grandson/are arguing about how tough they are!'" Is she changing the tone? Perhaps. Or just giving Homer credit for having a sense of humor.

Wilson's nuance suits Homer's tricksy, layered tale of Odysseus' voyage, which is told in nested stories that often contradict each other, and is accompanied by the fantastic lies he tells his hosts as he is washed from island to island. Matthew Arnold famously called Homer "eminently plain." But if you let them, as Wilson does, the complexities can bloom.

Bronte's heroine would be disappointed to find out that, even in a woman's translation, the men of the Odyssey still tell the women to go upstairs and be quiet. But she was right about something: the rebellious and wild potential of translation. In all its morphing and slippery layers, its winks and double meanings, Wilson's Odyssey contains a laughing, democratic undercurrent. And it belongs there. "Homer," after all, was multitudes.



https://www.npr.org/2017/12/02/567785978/actor-who-came-out-as-undocumented-is-fighting-for-hollywood-to-stand-with-daca
Actor Who Came Out As Undocumented Is Fighting For Hollywood To Stand With DACA
Earlier this year, the Trump administration rolled back the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, an Obama-era government program that would shield people from deportation if they arrived in the United States as children without the proper documents. The program will end, unless Congress decides to act.

Stories have mostly looked at how DACA student recipients are having a difficult time concentrating on their studies, worrying if they will be able to finish their degrees.

Now, an actor with a familiar face and voice has recently revealed his immigration status. Earlier this week, Bambadjan Bamba — who stars in NBC's The Good Place and will be in the upcoming Marvel film Black Panther — announced he is undocumented and a DACA recipient.

As DACA Winds Down, DREAMers Turn Toward Different Futures
NPR ED
As DACA Winds Down, DREAMers Turn Toward Different Futures
People on social media have begun to show support, posting messages of solidarity reading #StandWithBamba. Bamba is working with Define American, an immigration advocacy organization to place pressure on Hollywood to act in favor of saving DACA.

Bamba spoke with NPR's Michel Martin regarding his immigration status and how DACA has helped him. He is relieved to have come out about his status, but he says, "it comes with consequences."

"I don't know if I'm going to be here or if I'm going to be separated from my family," he says. "I'm a young father now, I have a 1-year-old. I can't be in fear anymore. It's liberating but I'm ready for the fight."

Interview Highlights
On what made him come out as undocumented

When the administration decided they wanted to cancel DACA, I just knew I couldn't sit back anymore and had to join the fight. I just wanted people to know what my immigration status is.

DACA that gave me the work permit to continue working. As we know, we need congressional action right now, or else my status and the status of 800,000 people is going to be in limbo.

On his personal journey as an undocumented immigrant

I came when I was 10 with my parents from Ivory Coast and we were fleeing political persecution. What I do remember is as a kid, we were filing for political asylum. So when I tried to go to college and wanted to become an actor, I realized I couldn't get any financial aid. So that's when I had the conversation with my parents and then they told me. And I was like: 'Oh my god. What am I going to do? Am I going to pursue my dream?'

But I just knew in my heart that it was my purpose to be an actor. So I drove cabs in New York City, hustled, hustled, hustled — all the way to the point where I am today.

Oops, We Lost Your DACA Application
NATIONAL
Oops, We Lost Your DACA Application
On working as an actor with an undocumented status

It's challenging. As an actor the hardest part is booking the role. But for me, I was living with this shame, this fear, this anxiety of being undocumented with an uncertain future. So that is an overwhelming weight you have to carry, on top of trying to be the character and booking a role. Sometimes you book a role and you have to travel, and you're not sure how you're going to come back.

So this whole [campaign] is really to get Hollywood to stand behind immigrants, there are immigrants working at every level in the industry. I just want Hollywood — the studios, people with influence — to stand with us right now because it's so critical.

On how it feels now that his immigration status is out in the open

There's this relief, like: Thank God, I was almost crumbling under this weight. At the same time, it comes with consequences. I do not know if I'm going to continue working at Hollywood, I have no idea. Next year, DACA will end if Congress doesn't pass the legislation. So I don't know if I'm going to be here or if I'm going to be separated from my family. I'm a young father now, I have a 1-year-old. I can't be in fear anymore. It's liberating but I'm ready for the fight.

'You See In Their Eyes The Fear': DACA Students Face An Uncertain Future
NPR ED
'You See In Their Eyes The Fear': DACA Students Face An Uncertain Future
On how he responds to those who think he does not belong in the U.S.

I'm not expecting anything than what this country has promised me, that I have the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.

So one, it wasn't my decision to come. Two, because the system is so broken and it took so long — eventually when the asylum was approved, I had to be left out because I was older than 21 — to me that doesn't make sense.

America decided to give us a chance, give the Dreamers a chance when Obama passed DACA. And now [Dreamers] have shown that we've gone above and beyond.

And now to say: 'Ok well, you went above and beyond but we're going to take that away from you' — it's unfair. It's not what I believe America is. I believe most Americans, most of my friends, people in my industry want the DREAM Act to pass, want DACA, and want to have a real solution.

You can see Bamba in a recurring role on NBC's The Good Place and in the upcoming film, Black Panther.
