http://www.hannity.com/content/2017-12-04-hell-freezes-over-joy-behar-apologizes-for-phony-trump-report/
HELL FREEZES OVER: Joy Behar APOLOGIZES for Phony Trump Report
Liberal comedian Joy Behar did the unthinkable on Monday, apologizing for touting a false ABC news report that claimed President Trump asked former National Security Adviser to contact Russian officials while he was actively running for the presidency.
“On Friday’s show, apparently, I was guilty of premature evaluation,” said Behar. “Here’s what happened: ABC News reporter Brian Ross released a story claiming that when Trump was a candidate he told Michael Flynn to contact the Russians. Ross later corrected himself saying it was actually when Trump was President-elect.”
“Brian has been suspended for a month,” she added.
Her ‘View’ co-host read the official statement by NBC News, saying Ross had made a mistake and would be suspended for four weeks without pay.
“That’s ABC’s statement. Brian Ross has released a statement, saying ‘My job is to hold people accountable, and that’s why I agree with being held accountable myself,’” added Behar.
“I would say that this is not fake news, it’s a mistake. He didn’t deliberately put out a false piece of information, he made an error,” she deflected.
Watch Behar’s half-hearted apology.



http://www.hannity.com/content/2017-12-04-rosies-revenge-odonnell-has-crazy-public-meltdown-over-flynn/
ROSIE'S REVENGE: O’Donnell Has Crazy, PUBLIC MELTDOWN Over Flynn
Liberal comedian Rosie O’Donnell joined fellow left-wing comic Kathy Griffin and posted a public meltdown over Donald Trump’s presidency over the weekend; with Rosie launching a bizarre, art-filled rant on twitter attacking the President and Donald Trump Jr.
Rosie’s strange posts started after news broke that Trump’s former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI, calling the Commander-in-Chief a “piece of s***” and a “crazy mother*****.”
“Good morning traitor trump - gonna tap out soon donnie? arm bar is getting tight ... keep tweeting moron #RussiaGate,” she added.
Michael Flynn made national headlines last week after admitting to the special counsel’s office that he had “knowingly and wittingly” made false statements to the FBI regarding his relationship with the Russian ambassador.
President Trump weighed-in on the admission Monday, saying he “felt badly” that the FBI had “ruined” Flynn’s life but did nothing to doomed Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton after she repeatedly lied to the bureau.



http://www.hannity.com/content/2017-06-06-op-ed-president-trump-please-dont-forget-border-patrol-agent-brian-terry/
OP ED: President Trump: Please Don't Forget Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry
In 2010, my brother, Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry was shot and killed by Mexican drug traffickers after a fierce gun battle near the town of Rio Rico, Arizona. The weapons used by the Mexicans were obtained through a U.S. Alcohol Tabaco and Firearms gunrunning scheme known as, “Operation Fast and Furious.”
Years after Brian’s murder, my family is still waiting to learn the truth behind the Obama Administration’s operation that caused my brother’s death.
In June of 2012 President Obama asserted executive privilege in an effort to hide the truth and evidence from Congress regarding Operation Fast and Furious. When this happened we knew It was much bigger than my family and the American people comprehend. We also knew that then-Attorney General Eric Holder was protecting the President at the expense of the truth and justice for the victims.  What is it they were hiding?
It seems that every single time someone in the House or Senate decides to take on this scandal to find the truth, they back off at the last minute or fail to deliver any form of justice. Is it possible that Brian’s murder could expose some very powerful people? Not one ATF agent involved in Operation Fast and Furious has been punished. Instead, they were transferred, took early retirements or were just demoted with same pay.  Basically, the government gave them a small slap on the wrist for their participation in a horrific program which took the life of a dedicated Border Patrol agent and U.S. Marine.
How do we as Americans let this happen? There were thousands of guns walked over our borders and literally put into the hands of violent drug cartels.  The Obama Administration lied about this outrageous operation from the beginning. When exposed, the Administration engaged in a cover-up at the highest levels of our government.  And, to this day, Brian hasn’t received truth, accountability or justice and our family has not had the peace or closure we deserve.
Throughout the 2016 campaign, my family met with then-candidate Trump twice. He promised us that if he became president, he would get my family the answers we deserve. We hope Brian’s justice has not fallen through the cracks again with a new administration. Our hope is that President Trump and the U.S. Department of Justice will take the time to review the documents surrounding Fast and Furious.  My family can handle truth much better than lies. We believe we have the right to know every detail.
Politics and egos need to be set aside and accountability needs to happen.  We would like to see the President take control and expose those who have spent years covering up the truth.
In April, Mexican authorities arrested the suspected shooter of my brother and it is my hope he soon will be extradited to America to face Justice.  How ironic that he was reported to have been deported 7 times from America before he shot my brother dead in America.
It is not too late to bring those to justice who are responsible for the death of my brother.
Please Mr. President – bring justice and closure to my family and to our nation.



http://www.hannity.com/content/2017-05-10-los-angeles-turns-public-schools-in-to-mini-sanctuary-cities/
Los Angeles Turns Public Schools Into Mini ‘Sanctuary Cities’
The Los Angeles School board voted on Tuesday to turn the city’s public schools in to mini ‘sanctuary cities’ for undocumented aliens in danger of being detained under President Trump's crackdown on illegal immigration. 
The resolution provides students and their families ‘protections’ from border patrol agents, ICE officials, and members of federal law enforcement including the FBI.
Under the new rules, schools are not allowed to ask for a student or family member’s immigration status, and will provide legal advice if they or their families are detained by federal agents.
“We know that there are things beyond our capacity, so we are not offering any undocumented students or their families or an employee a magic bullet,” board member Monica Garcia said.
School Board President Steve Zimmer applauded the decision, saying that undocumented immigrants across Los Angeles have been fearful of deportation since President Trump was sworn in.
“This act of noncooperation follows in an important history of noncooperation with unjust laws, unjust actions that are contrary to our Constitution and contrary to our value system, but also contrary to our mission as a school district,” Zimmer said.
The resolution is a response to the arrest of Romulo Avelica-Gonzalez, an illegal alien with two prior criminal convictions, who was detained by ICE agents while taking his daughter to school.



http://www.hannity.com/articles/obamacare-487185/wow-a-federal-judge-just-ruled-14707232/
Wow: A Federal Judge Just Ruled That Obamacare Spending Is Unconstitutional
In a blow to President Obama's signature legislative accomplishment, a U.S. District Judge has just ruled that the Obama administration is unconstitutionally spending money to fund Obamacare.
Fox News reports:
A federal judge ruled Thursday for House Republicans in a challenge brought against the Obama administration over the legality of certain spending under ObamaCare.
The ruling Thursday marks a win for House Republicans who brought the politically charged legal challenge, and a legal setback for the administration.
“Today’s ruling that President Obama has once again overstepped his constitutional authority should come as no surprise, as this has been the administration’s pattern over the past 7 and a half years,” a spokesman with the National Republican Congressional Committee said in a statement.
Judge Collier has not yet halted the unconstitutional reimbursements, and they will continue pending an appeal.



http://www.hannity.com/articles/obamacare-487185/prolife-activists-responsible-for-undercover-planned-14312396/
Pro-Life Activists Responsible For Undercover Planned Parenthood Videos Indicted
A grand jury in Harris County, Texas, has issued an indictment for two of the activists responsible for the undercover investigation that exposed Planned Parenthood's practice of harvesting and selling the organs on unborn babies.
The New York Times reports:
Prosecutors in Harris County said one of the leaders of the Center for Medical Progress — an anti-abortion group that made secretly recorded videos purporting to show Planned Parenthood officials trying to illegally profit from the sale of fetal tissue — had been indicted on a charge of tampering with a governmental record, a felony, and on a misdemeanor charge related to purchasing human organs.
The two CMP members who have been indicted are CMP's founder David Daleiden, who was charged with the purchase and sale of human organs and with tampering with governmental records, and Sandra Merritt who was also charged with tampering with a governmental record.
So, journalists posing as individuals looking to purchase human organs are being indicted for but the other party to the negotiations, namely the Planned Parenthood officials who were actually looking to sell human organs, are not indicted. That doesn't seem to make any sense.
The Center for Medical Progress noted this bizarre discrepancy in the statement they issued on the matter:
The Center for Medical Progress uses the same undercover techniques that investigative journalists have used for decades in exercising our First Amendment rights to freedom of speech and of the press, and follows all applicable laws. We respect the processes of the Harris County District Attorney, and note that buying fetal tissue requires a seller as well. Planned Parenthood still cannot deny the admissions from their leadership about fetal organ sales captured on video for all the world to see.
It should be noted that one of the prosecutors in the Harris County District Attorney's office reveled in August that she is a member of the Board of Directors for the Planned Parenthood affiliate that was being investigated.



https://www.hannity.com/content/2017-07-31-california-imam-sorry-after-praying-for-the-annihilation-of-all-jews/
California Imam ‘Sorry’ After Praying for the ‘Annihilation’ of All Jews
The controversial Imam who openly called on Allah to “annihilate” all the Jews on the planet has finally apologized; saying he was “deeply sorry” for the pain he caused to the local Jewish community, according to CBS News.
Imam Ammar Shahin, of the Islamic Center of Davis, California, made his public apology just days after his vile comments caused an uproar throughout the country and around the globe.
“To the Jewish community here in Davis and beyond, I say this deeply, I am deeply sorry for the pain I have caused […] I let my emotions get the best of me and cloud my better judgement. I said things that were hurtful to Jews, this was unacceptable,” Shahin told local Jewish and Muslim leaders during a press conference.
Shahin came under a week ago for a publicly available sermon where he wished for the massacre of the worlds Jews, asking Allah to “count them one by one and annihilate them.”
“Oh Allah, liberate the Al-Aqsa Mosque from the filth of the Jews. Oh Allah, destroy those who closed the Al-Aqsa Mosque,” Imam Ammar Shahin told fellow worshippers […] Oh Allah, count them one by one and annihilate them down to the very last one. Do not spare any of them.”
The Islamic Center initially defended Shahin’s comments, saying his words were inaccurately translated, and that he merely called for the “destruction” of the Jewish people.



https://www.hannity.com/content/2017-07-26-double-trouble-iran-and-north-korea-prepare-dual-rocket-launch/
DOUBLE TROUBLE: Iran and North Korea Prepare Dual Rocket Launch
Two of America’s major adversaries are secretly preparing for missile launches in the coming days, with Iran ready to send an unmanned rocket into space and North Korea poised to launch another intercontinental ballistic missile as early as Wednesday evening, reports Fox News.
According to two US military officials, Iran is readying their Simorgh rocket to carry an undisclosed satellite into earth’s orbit; a feat never accomplished by the Islamic Republic. Iran attempted to launch a satellite in April 2016, but was unsuccessful.
American experts also believe that North Korea is on the verge of launching yet another ICBM.
The test could come as early as Wednesday evening, and would mark the anniversary of the 1953 Korean Armistice that technically ended the Korean War.
The United States and other western allies have long accused Iran and North Korea of covertly sharing weapons and missile technologies.
"The very first missiles we saw in Iran were simply copies of North Korean missiles," said one missile proliferation expert. "Over the years, we've seen photographs of North Korean and Iranian officials in each other's countries, and we've seen all kinds of common hardware."
American officials believe the North Korean launch is designed to test the communist nation’s “re-entry vehicle,” a device that would allow the hermit kingdom to deliver a nuclear payload from its rockets.



http://www.hannity.com/articles/economy-487306/guess-whos-replacing-andrew-jackson-on-14625473/
Guess Who's Replacing Andrew Jackson On The $20 Bill
It had been widely reported that Alexander Hamilton would be getting the boot from America's $10 bill, but reports today suggest that it is Andrew Jackson, America's 7th president and the face on the $20 bill, who will be getting demoted. In his place, the $20 dollar will bear the visage of another American: abolitionist hero Harriet Tubman.
Politico reports: 
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew on Wednesday will announce plans to both keep Alexander Hamilton on the front of the $10 bill and to knock Andrew Jackson off the front of the $20 in favor of Harriet Tubman, sources tell POLITICO.
Lew is expected to roll out a set of changes that also include putting leaders of the women’s suffrage movement on the back of the $10 bill, and incorporating civil rights era leaders and other important moments in American history into the $5 bill.
Also, Jackson isn’t getting completely booted off the $20 bill. He’s likely to remain on the back.



http://www.hannity.com/articles/economy-487306/is-hillary-paying-her-fair-share-14605629/
Is Hillary Paying Her Fair Share?
Hillary Clinton recently admitted during an interview with the New York Daily News editorial team that her tax plan will increase taxes on hardworking Americans by at least $1 trillion over the next ten years. 
She told the editorial team, “…I would spend about $100 billion a year. And I think it’s affordable…” 
Americans for Tax Reform points out that Hillary’s tax proposals include a $400 billion dollar “fairness” tax increase and a $275 billion dollar business tax increase for infrastructure. 
Hillary - if you want to pay your “fair share” in taxes, why do you and Bill have at least 5 shell companies in Delaware which you use to process the millions of dollars you’ve made in speeches in order to avoid paying higher taxes?



https://www.hannity.com/content/2017-07-25-california-mosque-defends-imam-who-called-for-annihilation-of-all-jews/
California Mosque Defends Imam Who Called for 'Annihilation' of All Jews
The Islamic Center of Davis, California defended an Imam who openly called for the “annihilation” of all the world’s Jews last week; bizarrely claiming the Muslim’s words were incorrectly translated and that he only hopes for the “destruction” of Jewish people.
Imam Ammar Shahin delivered his disgusting public sermon on Friday, calling for the total “annihilation” of Jews “down to the very last one” following increased tensions at the Temple Mount in Jerusalem.
“Oh Allah, liberate the Al-Aqsa Mosque from the filth of the Jews. Oh Allah, destroy those who closed the Al-Aqsa Mosque. Oh Allah, show us the black day that You inflict upon them, and the wonders of Your ability. Oh Allah, count them one by one and annihilate them down to the very last one. Do not spare any of them,” he told fellow worshipers.
The Islamic Center of Davis defended Shahin’s vile sermon on Tuesday, saying his words were twisted by a “false translation” conducted by the Middle East Research Institute that analyzed the speech.
“MEMRI […] wrongly translates ‘ahlik’ as ‘annihilate’. Ahlik, in the Arabic language, means destroy, a supplication that is generally used against oppressors. MEMRI’s deliberate and erroneous translation to promote their agenda is unacceptable and aims to portray people of faith against each other,” said the statement.
Apparently, Shahin simply meant to say, “Allah, count them one by one and destroy them down to the very last one.”
Big difference.



http://www.hannity.com/articles/obamacare-487185/seans-rebuttal-to-the-sotu-14273880/
Sean's Rebuttal to the SOTU
SEAN: So, the president made some very bold claims last night in his final state of the union address but it's time for a reality check and my comments on the real state of the union. On the economy, the president said this:
PRESIDENT OBAMA: Anyone claiming that America's economy is in decline is peddling fiction. Now, what is true and the reason a lot of Americans feel anxious, is that the economy has been changing in profound ways.
SEAN: Alright, reality check. When you look at the numbers, well, Obama is the one peddling fiction about the economy. For example, take a look, during his time in the White House, median household income, when adjusted for inflation, has been completely flat and hasn't actually recovered fully since he's been in office. The labor participation rate is near a 40 year low and has been under 63% now for 21 consecutive months.
And instead of putting people back to work under this president, the number of Americans dependent on government is surging. A near record 45 million Americans currently receive food stamps. That is an increase of 42% since January 2009.
As for poverty, the president talks about helping every American get ahead, but this again has not been the case. Since 2008, the poverty rate has shot up 17%. 46 million Americans now live in poverty. And the dream of owning your own home has been made a nightmare under Obama for many Americans. The rate of those who own a home has now dropped several percentage points.
Now, we also saw record numbers of foreclosures during his presidency. 2011 was the worst year on record for home sales.
And under the president, our national debt has reached very dangerous levels. In January 2009 when he took office, it stood at 10.6 trillion dollars. It's almost 19 trillion dollars today, a 77% increase. By the time he leaves the White House, he will accumulate more debt than every other president before him combined. And because of this massive accumulation of debt, for the first time ever America's credit rating was downgraded in 2011.
And that's not all.
Last night, when he wasn't misleading you, the public, the president also took shots at the GOP frontrunner Donald Trump and his proposed Muslim ban. Take a look:
PRESIDENT OBAMA: We need to reject any politics, any politics, that targets people because of race or religion.
When politicians insult, whether abroad our our fellow citizens, when a mosque is vandalized, or a kid is called names, that doesn't make us safer. That's not telling it like it is. That's just wrong.
If you look at the data it's clear that Obama has become the divider in chief. A recent Wall Street Journal-NBC News poll shows that race relations in this country are at a 20 year low. Only 34% of you, the American people, think that race relations are good, 64% say they're bad.
And politically speaking the president has not ever been a good leader of his own party. We can't forget, when he came into office, he had a filibuster-proof 60 seats in the U.S. Senate and 257 seats in the U.S. House Of Representatives. Since winning that election in 2008, get this, the Democrats have lost 11 Governorships, 13 U.S. Senate seats, 69 U.S. House seats, and over 900 state legislative seats. Plus, according to the latest CBS-New York Times poll, just 27% of Americans say the country is on the right track compared to 65% of us who say it's on the wrong track.
And the scary thing is, this is just the tip of the iceberg. We can go on for days talking about the president's failures and numerous scandals.
Now, that's the real state of the union.



https://www.hannity.com/content/2017-08-29-sick-professor-says-texas-deserves-harvey-because-they-voted-trump/
SICK: Professor Says Texas ‘Deserves’ Harvey Because They Voted Trump
A professor at an esteemed university in Florida is under fire after suggesting over the weekend that the state of Texas “deserves” Hurricane Harvey because they voted overwhelmingly in favor of Donald Trump during the 2016 general election.
According to Campus Reform, a sociology professor at the University of Tampa posted the vicious comments on twitter, where he blamed the devastating storm on “instant Karma” over Texas’ staunch history of voting Republican.
The professor has been identified as Kenneth L. Storey.
“I don’t believe in instant Karma but this kinda feels like it for Texas. Hopefully this will help them realize the GOP doesn’t care about them,” Storey tweeted.
After an initial push-back from fellow users, the liberal professor stood by his initial statement.
“Well, the good people there need to do more to stop the evil their state pushes. I’m only blaming those who support the GOP there,” he wrote.
His hateful tweets have since been deleted, and Storey tweeted an apology for his vicious comments, saying “I deeply regret a statement I posted yesterday. I never meant to wish ill will upon any group. I hope all affected by Harvey recover quickly.”
I deeply regret a statement I posted yesterday. I never meant to wish ill will upon any group. I hope all affected by Harvey recover quickly



https://www.hannity.com/content/2017-08-29-pathetic-liberal-reporters-use-hurricane-harvey-to-attack-melania-trump/
PATHETIC: Liberal Reporters Use Hurricane Harvey to Attack Melania Trump
As Hurricane Harvey continues to bring devastation and destruction to huge swaths of Texas and the Gulf coast, liberal journalists are focusing on what truly matters to the American people in their time of need: Melania Trump’s shoes.
The First Lady and President Trump travel to Texas on Tuesday to view the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey’s direct hit. As images of the First Family appeared on social media, left-wing journalists couldn’t help but comment on Melania’s choice of footwear.
“Those stilettos should help her stay above the flood line,” wrote the politics editor for Time Magazine.
"God grant me the serenity not to comment on the shoes," posted Politico's Chief Economic correspondent. 
The destroy-Trump media's vicious attacks come as President Trump heads to the region to oversee disaster relief efforts and coordinate government agencies.
The President addressed the American people on Monday, saying his "thoughts and prayers" are with those affected by the devastating storm. 
"I want to begin today by extending my thoughts and prayers for those affected by Hurricane Harvey and the catastrophe of flooding and all of the other difficulties that they're currently going through in Houston, in southeast Texas and now, it's looking like the state of Louisiana will also be affected"



https://www.hannity.com/content/2017-08-29-on-the-brink-president-trump-responds-to-north-korea-missile-launch/
ON THE BRINK: President Trump Responds to North Korea Missile Launch
President Trump responded to the latest North Korean missile launch on Tuesday, saying that all “options are on the table” just hours after Kim Jong Un fired a missile over Japanese territory; a move that will drastically increase tensions in an already volatile region.
"The world has received North Korea’s latest message loud and clear: this regime has signaled its contempt for its neighbors, for all members of the United Nations, and for minimum standards of acceptable international behavior," said an official statement released by the White House.
"Threatening and destabilizing actions only increase the North Korean regime’s isolation in the region and among all nations of the world. All options are on the table," the President added.
According to Fox News, the test was the first time the communist nation launched a rocket directly over Japanese territory; a clear demonstration they are capable of delivering a nuclear payload to the staunch American ally as well as Guam.
President Trump spoke with Japanese Prime Minster Abe immediately following the test, with both leaders pledging to “increase pressure on North Korea.”
“President Trump and Prime Minister Abe committed to increasing pressure on North Korea, and doing their utmost to convince the international community to do the same,” said a joint statement. 