https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2017/12/did-trump-john-dowd-admit-obstruction-of-justice-re-flynn-and-comey.html
So Did Trump Admit He Obstructed Justice or What?
Donald Trump is in the soup over a tweet he posted a day after former national security adviser Michael Flynn pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about his conversations with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak:

Donald J. Trump
✔
@realDonaldTrump
I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. There was nothing to hide!
9:14 AM - Dec 2, 2017
 71,277 71,277 Replies   31,114 31,114 Retweets   113,059 113,059 likes
Twitter Ads info and privacy
You’ll note the tweet asserts that Trump forced Flynn to resign on Feb. 13 in part because Trump knew he’d lied to the FBI. That would imply Trump knew Flynn had committed a federal crime before he asked then-FBI director James Comey to close his agency’s investigation into Flynn later that month—a request that special counsel Robert Mueller and/or Democrats prosecuting an impeachment trial could thus argue constituted obstruction of justice.

The administration’s response to this pickle has three prongs (mmm, pickle prongs):

1. Denying that Trump ever told Comey to drop the investigation of Flynn. This is consistent with the president’s previous insistence that Comey is lying about what Trump asked him to do. (Comey’s version of events, for what it’s worth, is documented in a memo that he wrote “shortly after” Trump made the alleged request.)

2. Asserting that Trump lawyer John Dowd, not Trump himself, wrote the tweet. “Trump’s attorney, John Dowd, told Reuters in an interview on Sunday that he had drafted the Saturday tweet and made ‘a mistake’ when he composed it,” the wire service reported.

It’s tough to figure out exactly what the administration’s end game is with this or even if it’s true—as others have pointed out, the tweet’s syntax and rhythm sound like Trump, not someone who writes legal briefs. So let’s play it out under two scenarios:

Dowd didn’t write the tweet and is claiming he did to cover for Trump. The idea here would presumably be to create plausible deniability during a potential obstruction prosecution—Trump claiming that the tweet was the work of a bumbling adviser rather than the equivalent of personal testimony. Dowd himself seems to be arguing as much, telling Reuters that he was merely working in Twitter “shorthand” and “should have put the lying to the FBI in a separate line referencing [Flynn’s] plea.” But investigators could hypothetically demand text/phone records to evaluate the truth of the claim that Dowd wrote the tweet—and could argue that his potential claim to attorney-client privilege on the subject should be waived because he spoke about it publicly. In other words, if Trump did write the tweet, it’s not like Dowd claiming to have done so is a foolproof way of preventing anyone from finding out.

Now let’s consider the other possibility:

Dowd is telling the truth and did write the tweet. This creates problems for Trump too! For one, prosecutors could ask Dowd to testify about everything he knows about what Trump knew when Flynn got fired, again making the argument that attorney-client conversations about the subject stopped being privileged when one of the parties started blabbing about them in public. For another, it would still mean that Trump’s lawyer, whose job is supposed to be keeping him out of jail, just created ammunition for a potential obstruction prosecution out of thin air.

In any case, let’s move on to the third prong of the administration’s strategy …

3. Arguing that the president can’t commit obstruction of justice because he is justice. Or as Dowd put it in yet another butt-covering interview, this one with Axios: “[The] president cannot obstruct justice because he is the chief law enforcement officer under [the Constitution’s Article II] and has every right to express his view of any case.” Needless to say, there are many people who disagree with this notion, among them the congressional representatives who included obstruction of justice in the articles of impeachment that were drafted (though never voted on) against Nixon.

In summary, Team Trump argues that the president didn’t actually admit to obstruction of justice because 1) the former FBI director is lying about an incident he documented in a contemporaneous memo, 2) the president doesn’t write his own tweets, 3) the people who do write them aren’t competent enough for their words to be used as evidence, 4) the president didn’t know that lying to the FBI is a crime, and 5) there is no such thing as presidential obstruction of justice anyway.



http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/the_good_fight/2017/12/the_sheer_cravenness_on_display_in_american_politics_should_make_us_all.html
What We Talk About When We Talk About Donald Trump
The last days have brought plenty of reasons for schadenfreude. Many of my friends seem to be seized by a mood of dizzy excitement. I get why. Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn faces time in jail. Donald Trump may have incriminated himself with yet another impulsive tweet. Impeachment, though still a distant prospect, looks a lot closer now than it did a few weeks ago. If this is not yet the beginning of the end, it may, one day, come to be seen as the end of the beginning.

 Yascha Mounk
YASCHA MOUNK
Yascha Mounk, a lecturer on government at Harvard and a senior fellow at New America, is the host of The Good Fight podcast and the author of The People vs. Democracy: Why Our Freedom Is in Danger and How to Save It.

And yet, I have felt neither excitement nor schadenfreude over the past days. Instead, in one of these strange mood swings of which this year of Trump has been so full, I’ve found myself filled with an even more profound sadness than before.

Sadness that craven liars and chancers like Flynn were—and let’s not kid ourselves, are—in charge of our government.

Sadness that all the evidence of treasonous behavior close to the heart of power seems to have so little bearing on how my fellow citizens feel about the president.

Sadness that run-of-the-mill Republicans who have spent decades worrying about the deficit care so much about giving handouts to billionaires that they are willing to vote for a tax reform that would hugely raise the deficit.

Sadness that Sebastian Gorka was contracted to give speeches at the Heritage Foundation, marking yet another step in the Republican establishment’s surrender to the Trumpkins.

Sadness that about half of all voters in Alabama remain likely to vote for somebody who was banned from a local mall for preying on teens.

Sadness that even the prospect of nuclear war with North Korea—unlikely, perhaps, but far more likely than any nuclear confrontation since the end of the Cold War—does not appear to have focused the minds of all those congressmen and senators on Capitol Hill who, in private, rave and rant about how irrational Donald Trump is.

And sadness, too, that the gravity of this political moment still hasn’t sunk in.

Chaotic and cacophonous though the past two years have been, one lesson from them is painfully clear: Again and again, we all believed that there was some backstop that would avert the next degradation of our political system. Each and every time, we turned out to be wrong. And yet we cling to the belief that backstops remain in place to stop even crazier things from happening: If Trump fired Robert Mueller, refused to accept the outcome of the 2020 election, or launched a nuclear missile at North Korea, somebody would stop him.

It’s possible. If the night appears darkest just before dawn, we are just about due for the sun to rise. And yet, we must at this point ponder the possibility that the self-correcting mechanisms on which we pin our hopes for the future will turn out to be just as illusory as those that have proved elusive in the past. Given the rich range of horrors that could ensue in the coming years, that is a mind-boggling thought.

We should not be particularly confident of how our politicians and our neighbors, our friends and perhaps even we ourselves would act.
But it is another, less tangible thought that has been boggling my mind for the past weeks. It is a thought that will, I know, seem peculiar or even melodramatic to most Americans. But as a Jew who grew up in Germany, it is one to which I had been accustomed since childhood before gradually growing out of it the longer I spent in America and the further the horrors of the Third Reich receded into the past.

The question is this: What would you—and you, and you, and I—do if a murderous government took over? Would we hide its victims? Would we look away? Or would we collaborate? And the answer I have been turning over in my head over the past weeks is: In light of the sheer cravenness we are witnessing all around us, we should not be particularly confident of how our politicians and our neighbors, our friends and perhaps even we ourselves would act.

This comparison seems ridiculous on its face. Trump is no fascist, and nothing he has done in any way resembles the horrors inflicted by the Nazis. Tempting though it may be to liken the most horrible of American presidents to the most horrible of all political leaders, doing so only serves to cloud our understanding of the Nazis and cheapen the memory of their victims.

But in another way, that vast differences between then and now are precisely why the comparison seems even more revelatory. For while Nazi collaborators were complicit in crimes that are incomparably worse, they also had to reckon with dangers that were incomparably more scary. Leading conservatives who resisted Hitler in 1933 faced the prospect of the concentration camps. Leading conservatives who resist Trump in 2017 face the prospect of losing an election or being banished from Fox News. The fact that they are willing to be complicit in much lesser evils for much lesser reasons makes our current political moment all the more grubby; it does not, however, make the moral judgment it implies all that much less depressing.

As a person of the left, it is of course tempting to believe that this cravenness is only found on the right. If people like Lindsey Graham or Paul Ryan are so willing to sell out, isn’t it because their principles have, all along, been rather conformable with those of the president—or, perhaps worse, because they had no principles worth the name to begin with?

There is a large grain of truth to this. But to believe that the right is tempted by authoritarianism because its ideals are self-interested or hierarchical, while the left is immune to such depredations because it cares about freedom and equality, is sadly too simple. After all, perfectly decent people who seemed to hold perfectly admirable principles have, again and again, become deeply complicit with authoritarianism. In the 1950s, parts of the Western left glorified Joseph Stalin; in the 1960s, the Viet Cong and Mao Zedong; in the 1970s, Tito and the Khmer Rouge; in the 1980s, the Baathist regime in Iraq and the Islamist regime in Iran; in the 1990s, the slaughterers in Serbia and the Zapatistas in Mexico; in the 2000s, the dictators of Latin America and the terrorists of Hezbollah; in the 2010s, Bashar al-Assad and Vladimir Putin.

Even the left’s opposition to self-avowed fascism has, as Nick Cohen shows in What’s Left, not been as consistent as we like to think. There is a reason why George Orwell spent World War II wondering which of his comrades would collaborate with the Nazis if they invaded Britain. During the 1930s, George Lansbury, the leader of the Labour Party, had been so opposed to rearmament that he wound up becoming an apologist for Adolf Hitler. (“Hitler,” he raved after meeting him, “appeared free of personal ambition … I wished that I could have gone to Berchtesgaden and stayed with him for a little while. I felt that Christianity in its purest sense might have had a chance with him.”) If history teaches us anything, then, it is that all humans—liberal as well as conservative, British and American as well as German, brown or black as well as white, and Jewish or Muslim as well as Christian—are capable of cowardice and treachery, of hypocrisy and cravenness.

In Nathan Englander’s “What We Talk About When We Talk About Anne Frank,” two women imagine whether their respective husbands would be willing to hide them in case of a second Holocaust. First, Deborah musters her husband. “Of course he would,” she says, and they give each other a tight hug. Then it’s Mark and Shoshana’s turn.

“So would I hide you?” [Mark] says. And for the first time that day he reaches out, as my Deb would, and puts his hand to his wife’s hand. “Would I, Shoshi?”
And you can tell that Shoshana is thinking of her kids, though that’s not part of the scenario. You can tell that she’s changed part of the imagining. And she says, after a pause, yes, but she’s not laughing. She says yes, but to him it sounds as it does to us, so that he is now asking and asking. But wouldn’t I? Wouldn’t I hide you? Even if it was life and death—if it would spare you, and they’d kill me alone for doing it? Wouldn’t I?
Shoshana pulls back her hand.
Fascism: A Slate Academy

Our new series investigates what happened in the 20th century—and whether it’s happening again.
She does not say it. And he does not say it. And of the four of us no one will say what cannot be said—that this wife believes her husband would not hide her. What to do? What will come of it? And so we stand like that, the four of us trapped in that pantry. Afraid to open the door and let out what we’ve locked inside.
Any student of history should be able to recite innumerable cases in which people who seemed perfectly decent in times of political calm turned into grotesque monsters when the storm hit. But because this transformation seems so incomprehensible—because it is so difficult to imagine that the decent people we ourselves know should be capable of similar cravenness—it’s always tempting to reject the idea that these lessons might fully apply to us. Surely what happened there and then couldn’t really happen here and now?

In light of the past weeks and months and years, I fear that the answer is clear. We are very far away from dictatorship. It would take a lot more for the United States to degenerate into civil war, or to turn into a killing field. But if that’s the case, it is because of our affluence and our institutions, not because our political leaders—or our neighbors, or our spouses, or ourselves—are more moral and courageous. And that, at least to me, is one small and elusive part of what we talk about when we talk about Donald Trump.



http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2017/12/the_silver_lining_for_democrats_in_the_gop_tax_bill.html
The Silver Lining in the GOP Tax Bill
Late Friday night, Senate Republicans passed a hastily crafted $1.5 trillion overhaul of the tax code on a party line vote of 51–49. Only Bob Corker of Tennessee broke ranks to vote against the bill, whose final draft was introduced hours before voting with handwritten amendments scribbled in the margins by lobbyists.

 Jamelle Bouie
JAMELLE BOUIE
Jamelle Bouie is Slate’s chief political correspondent.

This plan, centered on a large corporate and upper-income tax cut, has clear winners and losers, with most of the American public falling in the latter category. “It’s hard to imagine a more egregious waste of time and energy, or a worse outcome for taxpayers and the broader economy,” concludes a scathing editorial from Bloomberg View. No amount of opposition from Democrats (nor the public) could keep Republicans from passing the bill. Still, there is something of a silver lining for Democrats in this defeat, one that matters greatly in the inevitable fight to roll back or repeal these tax cuts.

First, the winners: Big businesses and their investors receive hundreds of billions in new tax breaks and deductions, growing profits and putting more money in the hands of wealthy individuals. Lower rates for “pass-through” businesses, owned mostly by the rich, give even more cash to the nation’s wealthy elite. And when those elites eventually die, they’ll have an easier time passing on their fortune: The Senate plan allows rich parents to pass the first $11 million of a fortune to children tax-free, while the House plan eliminates the estate tax entirely.

House Speaker Paul Ryan claimed to want a “middle-class tax cut” and “a system that’s more fair, much simpler.” That is not what’s on the table. Under the Republican plan, Americans in the middle receive modest tax cuts ranging from a few hundred dollars for those in the 40th percentile of income to $1,430 for those in the 80th percentile. The vast majority of benefits go to the highest income earners. The top 1 percent receive an average cut of $34,130. The top 0.1 percent get a cut of $85,640. And while the middle-class tax cuts are temporary, the rate reductions that give benefits to high-earners are not. The effect, in 10 years, is a middle-class tax hike. By 2027, those in the middle quintile—making $40,000 to $50,000—would pay a combined $5.3 billion more in taxes, while those earning more than $1 million would pay $5.8 billion less. Overall, the richest 20 percent of households will reap 90 percent of the benefits of the Republican proposals.

This gets to the losers of the tax bill. The Senate plan includes a repeal of the individual mandate that requires all Americans to purchase health insurance. This is the “skinny” repeal of the Affordable Care Act that was rejected over the summer. If it becomes law, the Congressional Budget Office expects 13 million Americans to drop health insurance over the next decade. And while lower-income families escape direct impact, Republicans are already planning to reduce the debt from their tax cuts by slashing retirement programs and spending on the poor.

It would be one thing if Republicans had run on these policy changes in 2016. But they didn’t. At no point did Donald Trump run on massive tax cuts for the wealthy and tax increases for the middle-class. No, Trump pledged that tax reform would hit the rich—would hit him—hardest. “The thing I’m going to do is make sure the middle class gets good tax breaks. Because they have been absolutely shunned,” said Trump, during the campaign, in an interview on Meet the Press. “The other thing, I’m going to fight very hard for business. For the wealthy, I think, frankly, it’s going to go up. And you know what, it really should go up.”

As recently as last Wednesday, President Trump said that the GOP tax plan would “cost him a fortune.” These were lies. The truth is that Trump and his family will reap enormous benefits from this bill, saving billions of dollars and growing their fortunes on the backs of ordinary taxpayers. Republican tax reform is just another way in which the party ran a scam in the 2016 election, promising one set of policies to voters then delivering just the opposite once in office. It’s a smash and grab of public funds for private gain.

Democrats, it should be said, did real damage to this effort. Major tax cuts are usually popular, but the Republican tax plan is starkly unpopular, with just 32 percent of Americans in approval according to an analysis by FiveThirtyEight. This make the Republicans’ ostensible tax cuts more unpopular than even some tax hikes. Part of this is polarization among voters, but part of it is the unified opposition and consistent messaging of House and Senate Democrats, with conservatives like Joe Manchin of West Virginia and Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota standing shoulder to shoulder with left-wing figures like Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren.

Want More Politics? Listen to the Political Gabfest.

Join Emily Bazelon, John Dickerson, and David Plotz as they discuss and debate the week’s biggest political news.
Democrats couldn’t stop the bill, because the GOP was so committed to passing it. Upper-income tax cuts are the raison d’etre of the modern Republican Party. The prospect of passing a bill like this is precisely why Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell stuck with Donald Trump through the campaign, tolerating his racism and misogyny, looking past his history of fraud and sexual assault. It’s why, in the first year of his presidency, Republicans have kept their heads down, backing Trump despite his corruption, racist demagoguery, and dangerously unhinged rhetoric.
But the process that produced this bill opens an opportunity for Democrats, should they choose to take it. Republicans have shown that, if you have the will, you can pursue broad and expansive policies without buy-in from the other side. And with this particular bill, they’ve passed a set of difficult tax increases—eliminating the deduction for state and local taxes, for instance—that can be used to fund future programs for the poor and middle-class.

If Democrats can regain power in 2018 and 2020, the path is clear for a simple set of changes: Repeal the Trump tax cuts, and use the revenue to expand Medicare, strengthen Social Security, and revitalize the social safety net. Republicans have finally delivered for their donors. Democrats have a way to make them pay for it.



http://www.slate.com/articles/technology/technology/2017/12/messenger_kids_is_facebook_s_new_app_for_kids_6_to_12.html
Facebook Now Has a Messenger App for Kids
There’s a new kid on the playground … but it’s actually just Facebook disguised in a Minions T-shirt and Heelys. Say hello to Messenger Kids, Facebook’s new messaging, chat, and video app for children aged 6 to 12.

Federal law prohibits children under 13 from having Facebook accounts, but this app acknowledges that many of them are online anyway and tries to create a safe space for them, one where parents can control who their contacts are and where advertising and in-app purchases won’t try to entrance their still-developing minds. The app is free and only available in the U.S. on iOS for now, but Facebook plans to expand to Android in the future.

The app boasts Snapchat-like filters, stickers, and drawing tools for kids to play with, in addition to “kid-appropriate and specially chosen GIFs,” which is a semi-hilarious thing to imagine. Facebook worked with parenting groups like the National PTA to develop the app. Parents must authenticate kids’ accounts before young’uns can begin using it.

In contrast to Amazon’s pointless recent effort to capture a teen audience, Facebook’s new app seems to recognize that, despite the Children’s Online Privacy and Protection Act, many children are likely already on services like Facebook. In announcing the app, Facebook cited figures from market researcher Dubit that claim that 93 percent of 6- to 12-year-olds have access to tablets or smartphones, and 66 percent of them have smartphones or tablets of their own. While the attempt to provide a nonexploitative space for kids is commendable, it won’t be lost on, well, anyone that this move will also groom a new generation of kids into being future Facebook users. One of the quotes Facebook included in its press packet about the product gets at this tension: “Messenger Kids is more than just a fun way for kids to communicate with parentally approved friends and family. It’s also training wheels for social media and messaging,” said Larry Magid, CEO and co-founder of ConnectSafely.org. Training wheels for digital literacy, sure, not to mention a lifetime of social media addiction!

Messenger Kids arrives at a time when more and more companies are experimenting with outlets for kids. The New York Times recently created a regular Sunday kids’ section, and Slate’s sister company Panoply houses Pinna, a podcast subscription service for kids. But the difficulty of regulating content for children has also been in the news, with YouTube’s service for kids under a spotlight for the disturbing videos that thrive there. For Facebook, the stakes may be partially existential: Though Snapchat has stumbled since going public earlier this year, it still represents a significant competitor with Facebook for the attention of teens and young adults. With Messenger Kids, Facebook is getting a head start on hooking the teens of tomorrow.

And it’s not just about the age of the audience. Messaging is an increasingly important area for tech companies as well, as they realize that users may spend more time messaging than they do in any other social platforms.

All of this is to say: I am very excited to exchange Moana GIFs with my 6-to-12-year-old friends, as long as their parents approve.



http://www.slate.com/articles/arts/books/2017/12/the_doomsday_machine_daniel_ellsberg_s_sobering_new_memoir_about_life_as.html
Dr. Strangelove Was a Documentary
Daniel Ellsberg gained notoriety in the early 1970s for leaking the Pentagon Papers, the Defense Department’s top-secret history of the Vietnam War, and then for outspokenly protesting the war and the government’s secrecy which sustained it. Yet few, then or now, are aware that he spent much of the previous decade immersed in highly classified studies of the U.S. nuclear-war machine: how it works, who can launch an attack, and how much devastation it can wreak if someone ever pushed the button.

 Fred Kaplan
FRED KAPLAN
Fred Kaplan is the author of Dark Territory: The Secret History of Cyber War.

His new book, The Doomsday Machine: Confessions of a Nuclear War Planner, is his long-gestating memoir of those times and the years since, and it is one of the best books ever written on the subject—certainly the most honest and revealing account by an insider who plunged deep into the nuclear rabbit hole’s mad logic and came out the other side.

One of its biggest surprises comes in the first chapter: In 1969–70, when Ellsberg was spending his nights Xeroxing the Pentagon Papers, a copy of which was in his safe at the RAND Corporation, he was also—he reveals here for the first time to anyone besides a handful of friends and loved ones—making copies of everything in his safe, including the top-secret-and-beyond documents from his nuclear studies. Intending to release these as a follow-up to his Vietnam leaks, he gave them to his brother for safekeeping, who buried them in his yard in upstate New York. Soon after, a hurricane and flood swept them away into a landfill—in retrospect a blessing, Ellsberg now admits, as he would have been locked up for many years if he’d gone through with his plan. (He nearly received a harsh sentence for the Pentagon Papers leak until President Richard Nixon offered a plush federal job to the trial judge, who reacted by declaring a mistrial.)

171202_BOOKS_DoomsdayMachine_Book
But Ellsberg must have taken notes on those nuclear papers before they vanished, because much of the book summarizes their contents, the impact they’ve had on his life, and why it should matter to the rest of us, especially now.

Ellsberg frankly notes that in the late 1950s, when he joined the ranks of elite nuclear strategists at RAND, the Air Force–funded think tank in Santa Monica, he was an entrenched Cold Warrior (and before then, an infantry platoon commander in the Marines), fully convinced that the Soviet Union posed an imminent threat and that the best way to stave off its aggression was to threaten to kill at least 20 million of its citizens in response.

Ellsberg was in fact one of the leading scholars of deterrence theory; his widely hailed essays, “The Theory and Practice of Blackmail” and “The Political Uses of Madness,” which he wrote as a professor at Harvard, landed him his perch at RAND, where he fit right in. “I loved RAND,” he writes. His colleagues were “as smart a bunch of men as I had ever encountered,” all of them—Ellsberg very much included—shouldering the “enlivening burden” of “believing we knew more about the dangers ahead, and what might be done about them, than did the generals in the Pentagon … or Congress or the public, or even the president.” He worked 70-hour weeks and didn’t sign up for RAND’s generous retirement plan, figuring—he was 27 at the time—that he, like millions of others, would be killed in a nuclear war long before the premiums paid out.

Advertisement
But his first foray into the nuts and bolts of nuclear warfare—a study of command-and-control procedures that gave him access to top secret documents and chats with top commanders—set off a gradual unraveling of his worldview. It turned out that the nuclear war plan—and there was just one plan, with no room for flexibility—called for the rapid firing of America’s entire arsenal of nuclear weapons in response to any armed conflict, even a small conventional skirmish, with the Soviet Union. And once the orders came down, the bombs would rain down not just on the USSR but also on Communist China, even if the Chinese weren’t involved in the war. (The intelligence at the time viewed the two countries as all but unified.)

Another shock: The president, contrary to popular belief, was not the only person with his finger on the button. Rather, President Eisenhower had signed an order delegating authority to a small group of four-star generals and admirals, all outside Washington, to launch nuclear weapons in case he was incapacitated. Ellsberg accepted the logic of the idea: If the Russians thought they could shut down the U.S. nuclear war machine by launching a surprise nuclear attack on Washington, thus killing the only man who could order a retaliatory strike on Moscow, they might be tempted to do so. But as Ellsberg learned during his study, the delegations “reverberated downward in a widening circle,” to the point where—in case the top generals and admirals were killed—fairly junior commanders onboard ships in the middle of the ocean had the authority to launch nuclear weapons on their own. Finally, once bombers had been given the “GO” order, it was very difficult to call them back to base. (Missiles, which came into the arsenal later, were, of course, impossible to recall after launch.)

As he fully acknowledges, some of this history has been well-documented in other books, many relying on declassified documents and interviews with former officials over the past few decades. (I should note that Ellsberg writes some nice words about my own 1983 book on the subject, The Wizards of Armageddon. I should also note that, as part of my research for that book, I interviewed Ellsberg at some length, along with 159 other characters in the story.) But it’s rare to get the history laid out in such human detail by someone who was so immersed in the scene.

For example, Ellsberg writes of the afternoon when he and a colleague played hooky from work to go see Dr. Strangelove, Stanley Kubrick’s dark comedy about a lunatic general who launches a nuclear attack against the USSR on his own, using the pre-delegated authority that he’d been given in case of an attack on Washington (though, in this case, there hadn’t been such an attack). Walking out of the theater, Ellsberg turned to his friend, another nuclear denizen, and said, “That was a documentary.” Kubrick had dramatized the command-control system that actually existed—a war that could actually happen.

Ellsberg’s title was inspired by Dr. Strangelove. In the film, the Soviets have secretly buried what they call a “doomsday machine”—several very powerful hydrogen bombs hooked up to well-placed seismometers. If the sensors detect the explosion of a nuclear weapon by another power, they will automatically detonate the H-bombs, which will spread radioactive fallout, killing all life on Earth. The idea of this machine was that the prospect of total destruction would deter anyone from starting a nuclear war. (Kubrick got the idea from one of Ellsberg’s RAND colleagues, Herman Kahn, a voluble physicist who described precisely such a doomsday machine as a parody of “mutually assured destruction,” the deterrence strategy at the time.)

By the time of Strangelove’s release, in early 1964, Ellsberg had been working for three years, off and on, as an assistant to Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara. When he first took that job, at the start of John F. Kennedy’s term in office, Ellsberg sent a memo to the Joint Chiefs of Staff, under McNamara’s signature, asking how many people would die if the United States unleashed its full nuclear strike.* The answer came back in a memo for the president’s eyes only, though a few others, including Ellsberg, saw it: between 275 million and 325 million in the USSR and China. “This piece of paper should not exist,” Ellsberg remembers thinking when he looked at the single-sheet memo. “It depicted evil beyond any human project ever. … From that day on, I have had one overriding life purpose: to prevent the execution of any such plan.”

Ellsberg and several other assistants—McNamara’s “whiz kids,” they were called, most of them also from RAND—did much to change the nuclear war plan. They directed the military to institute “limited options,” so the president could attack Russia without also attacking China, or attack Russian military targets without also attacking Russian cities.

But as Ellsberg later discovered, the actual war planners—in the Pentagon and at Strategic Air Command headquarters in Omaha—never took the whiz kids’ directives seriously. Not until the 1970s and ’80s, with the administrations of Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, and George H.W. Bush did SAC introduce flexibility and restraint into their nuclear-attack options.

But by then, scientists had discovered “nuclear winter”—an artifact of nuclear explosions (besides blast, heat, and radioactive fallout) that would spread smoke around the globe, blocking sunlight and snuffing out life. Even a nuclear war that might once have been seen as “limited” would have catastrophic effects.

At the time, Ellsberg knew many of these people who drew up the war plans and would have executed an order to kill many millions, as the plans required. “They were not evil in any ordinary, or extraordinary, sense,” he writes. They, like Ellsberg and his fellow whiz kids who tried to tame the bomb with the lasso of rational analysis, were “in the grip of institutionalized madness.” And this is where the title of Ellsberg’s book takes on a broader meaning. The very existence of large nuclear arsenals, poised to attack one another at a moment’s notice, forms almost inherently a “doomsday machine.”

The logic of that machine creates the “catastrophe waiting to happen.” Because ballistic missiles can zoom from blastoff to target in 30 minutes, the decision to launch must be left in the hands of a president. Because a president might be killed in a sneak attack, authority to launch the weapons must be delegated to subordinates. The most powerful and most accurate nuclear weapons—the land-based intercontinental ballistic missiles—are also the most vulnerable, so it’s tempting in a crisis to launch the ICBMs pre-emptively or to launch them on warning of an attack (“use them or lose them”), even though there has been a history of false warnings. All of these propositions are logical—and all of them contain a whiff of what Ellsberg calls “criminal insanity.”

Ellsberg and his fellow whiz kids, who tried to tame the bomb with the lasso of rational analysis, were “in the grip of institutionalized madness.”
Ellsberg would like to see the abolition of nuclear weapons, but he’s logical, and practical, enough to realize that this isn’t in the offing, given the state of global politics, national politics (in many nations), and possibly something screwy about the human species. He offers some short-term proposals that would go some distance toward dismantling the doomsday machine.

First, dismantle land-based ICBMs, the weapons that make fingers itchy for pre-emption in a crisis. Second, give up plans to attack leaders (“decapitation strikes,” they’re called), in part because they compel those leaders to delegate launch authority to underlings, in part because without a leader, a nation can’t negotiate a cease-fire—as a result of which both sides are more likely to keep firing their nuclear weapons.

His third proposal will set off controversy even among many who otherwise share his views, and he knows it: Declare that the United States will never use nuclear weapons except in response to some other power’s nuclear first strike. No American president has ever done this, though Barack Obama seriously thought about it. Since the beginning, U.S. nuclear war plans have envisioned America using nuclear weapons first—usually in response to an enemy conventional attack against an ally.

By Ellsberg’s count (from his own observations and his reading of the literature), U.S. presidents have threatened to use nuclear weapons at least 25 times since the end of World War II—which, as he sees it, amounts to using nuclear weapons, “in the precise way that a gun is used when you point it at someone’s head in a direct confrontation.” Moreover, Ellsberg acknowledges that in “several” of those 25 cases, “it is at least plausible that the threats were effective”—and, more to the point, “most of these threats were seen by some high administration officials as effective.” In other words, it is plausible that some wars might have erupted—or might erupt still—without the threat of first-use. On the other hand, Ellsberg argues, a nation can bluff only so many times before the bluff is called—and if this leads to a nuclear conflict, the devastation might be far greater than that of all the non-nuclear conflicts that the threat had deterred.

Had Ellsberg finished this book at any time between the end of the Cold War and 2016, it might have been of interest to the dwindling number of nuclear scholars, but few others. Donald Trump’s bravado threats to spill “fire and fury” on North Korea in response to mere tests of nuclear weapons has revivified fears of nuclear war that haven’t been felt for decades.

Trump and the book also come at a time when portions of the U.S. nuclear arsenal are gravely aging—and the Pentagon is calling for a “modernization” program to replace the bombers and missiles and submarines at a cost of $1.2 trillion over the next few decades. Trump is enthusiastic about the program; few outright opponents have stood up in Congress. Even Obama, who famously called for the elimination of nuclear weapons at some point in the future, expressed support for at least some of the upgrade if just to ensure that the arsenal, at its current size, works.

Which leads to Ellsberg’s fourth proposal: a drastic reduction in the number of nuclear weapons—in part to reduce the devastation if a nuclear war broke out, in part because the thousands of weapons that the U.S. and Russia have now (or even the hundreds that China and Israel possess) amount to overkill.

From the onset of the nuclear age, analysts have asked how many weapons are enough to deter an enemy from launching a nuclear attack. In the 1960s, McNamara and his whiz kids came up with a number—enough to kill 20 million Russians, roughly the number that were killed in World War II. But this was always an arbitrary number: a way to put a cap on the military’s appetites. (McNamara requested, and Kennedy granted, the money to build 1,000 Minuteman ICBMs—way more than he knew were needed, but the Joint Chiefs wanted 10,000, and McNamara couldn’t go lower than one-tenth that number without siring insurrection.)

Many national security officials, after they leave office, snap out of their fugue states and resume a more “human” way of thinking. Ellsberg quotes McGeorge Bundy, Kennedy’s national security adviser, as writing years later that the explosion of 10 nuclear bombs would be a “disaster beyond human history.” Herbert York, the Pentagon’s former science director, similarly estimated that somewhere between 1 and 100 nuclear bombs (and probably a number closer to 1 than 100) would be enough to deter an enemy from launching an attack. One can see the same insight in today’s headlines: so many people are spooked by North Korea’s possession of maybe a dozen nuclear weapons. Whether or not Kim Jong-un plans to launch a first strike on California (unlikely, given that we could strike back with thousands of nukes), those dozen bombs seem to be deterring some Americans from launching a first strike on Pyongyang—or anyway, that’s no doubt part of Kim’s calculation. (The U.S. currently has 4,500 long-range nuclear warheads, down from a mid-’60s peak of 31,000 but still more than enough to incinerate all imaginable targets and the areas around them.)

One of Ellsberg’s colleagues from the RAND days, the late William Weed Kaufmann, who was later a special assistant to secretaries of defense under every president from Kennedy to Carter—and also a professor of mine in grad school—once told me, a few years after retiring, “It was easy to get caught up in the whole nuclear business. You would eat and breathe the stuff. … Then you move away from it for a while, look at it from a distance, and think, ‘God, that’s a crazy world.’ ”

The marvel of Ellsberg’s book is that he captures that world from both of those angles—that of the ground-burrower who can’t see past his confining premises and that of the mile-high flyer who views the landscape in its full moral context—without flinching from the fact that he has occupied both of those personas in his lifetime with equal measures of passion.



https://slate.com/business/2017/12/the-republican-tax-bill-is-for-winners.html
Tax Cuts Are For Winners
Donald Trump, as we all know, loves winners and hates losers. So it’s only fitting that the tax plan he now seems likely to sign by Christmas will mostly help the same people and companies who have been winning the U.S. economy for decades.

It’s not just that the Republican bill that the Senate passed early Saturday morning disproportionately benefits the rich—though it does. The issue is more specific. The tale of America’s increasingly polarized economy is complicated. But you can trace its most recent chapter with a very simple line. Since the turn of the century, the share of our national output going to workers in the form of wages has been falling while the share benefitting investors and business owners as profit has risen. Economists are still trying to understand the forces behind this trend, which is happening worldwide. But one thing is clear: Labor is the loser, and capital is the winner.

Labor share
Now consider the giant corporate tax cut that anchors the entire Republican plan. Both the House and Senate bills would lower the corporate rate from 35 percent to 20 percent. (Though Trump himself now says that number could change slightly once the two chambers merge their legislation before a final vote.) This is supposedly meant to encourage investment in the United States by making it more profitable to do business here, eventually leading to more growth and higher wages for workers as companies plunk more money into their operations. If that were to happen, some economists believe it could help labor reclaim more of the economic pie, as talented employees would be in higher demand. But it’s hard to put much faith that story given that we’ve been stuck in an investment drought, even though corporate profits have been going gangbusters for years.

Corporate profits
What have companies done with their money rather than invest? They’ve lavished it on their shareholders via dividends and share buybacks.

Again, it’s possible that corporate cuts will inspire some companies to spend more on factories or high-tech warehouses and end up paying their workers more as a result. AT&T, for instance, has said it would invest an additional $1 billion in its U.S. operations if the tax bill passed. (I’d take that with an appropriate pinch of salt.) But generally, that’s not the message executives are sending to shareholders. When one Bank of America strategist surveyed 300 companies about what they planned to do with their tax savings, only 35 percent said they intended to use some of it for expenditures like new equipment. Instead, CEOs at companies like Pfizer and Coca-Cola have, as usual, been promising to keep the cash flowing to shareholders, aka winners.

Corporations aren’t just getting a rate cut, though. They also stand to benefit from new international tax rules that could leave them paying less on their foreign profits. Of course, multinationals have long been lowering their tax bills by using creative accounting to stash profits overseas. This is one reason why, despite the U.S. having a high corporate tax rate on paper, the real rate American corporations actually pay on their earnings has been declining for years. And some of the GOP’s changes are designed to stop or at least limit that kind of behavior. But tweaks to the international tax rules will likely be a boon to industries like pharmaceuticals, which, after years of expertly gaming the global tax system to its advantage, will be able to more easily bring cash home for their investors. There will be lots of winners.

If you’re worried about rising income inequality, though, the corporate tax cuts might not be the worst part of the Republican plan. The cuts targeted at pass-through businesses are. Pass-throughs, which aren’t subject to the corporate rate and include everything from law firms and hedge funds to car dealerships and real estate developers, have been the quiet engines of economic inequality for decades. During the period from 1980–2013, when the share of income going to America’s top 1 percent roughly doubled, 41 percent of that increase was due to rising income from ever-more-profitable pass-throughs. Since 2000, this kind of business income is responsible for all of the increase in income going to the top 1 percent.

The House and Senate bills take different approaches to cutting taxes on these businesses, but the gist is the same: The very people who have been running away with the American economy for at least 20 years will be poised to sprint a bit faster. New York University law professor Daniel Shaviro has argued that it “might end up being the single worst structural change in the history of the U.S. federal income tax.”

But there are more winners here! The Republican bills treat Americans well, if they happened to win the birth lottery, by curbing the estate tax. Under the House plan, which eventually eliminates the tax entirely, the country’s richest families could realistically pass their assets on from generation to generation without ever paying a tax on their appreciated value so long as they never sell them. (These families would be able to unlock their assets’ values in other ways, by borrowing against them for instance.) It’s a gift for lucky trust funders.

There are some wealthy and successful individuals who do lose out in the Republican plan. Well-paid professionals in blue states could end up paying more to the IRS, thanks to the loss of the valuable state and local income tax deduction. Homeowners—particularly in those liberal high-tax states—may see their home values drop if property tax deductions or the mortgage interest deduction are significantly curtailed. It’s possible some industries could take a hit or be forced to rework their business models a bit: Private equity firms, which make profits by buying companies and loading them up with debt, are warily eying changes that would limit the deductibility of interest.

But New York City co-op owners will be able to live paying a couple extra thousand dollars in taxes each year. The more important victims of the Republican bills tend to be people who are already struggling to get by: the graduate students who could see their tuition waivers taxed for the first time, making it harder to pursue a Ph.D. unless you have a financial cushion; the families dealing with chronic illness who might lose the ability to deduct their medical expenses. The House bill is worse about stripping tax breaks from these kinds of vulnerable groups, because Republicans in that chamber tried to pay for their corporate cuts by eliminating a long list of individual deductions. But the Senate’s legislation could upend the health insurance markets and leave working-class families priced out of their coverage by repealing Obamacare’s individual mandate, which would likely lead premiums to rise.

Ordinary Americans have reasons to fear both these bills. But if you’ve got a bulging stock portfolio or are a billionaire real estate developer? Well, I just hope you don’t get sick and tired of winning.



http://www.slate.com/articles/double_x/doublex/2017/12/what_if_all_the_sexual_misconduct_allegations_against_trump_had_come_out.html
Donald Trump in the Post-Weinstein Age
In the early 1980s, Jessica Leeds found herself seated next to Donald Trump in the first-class cabin of an airplane. After making polite conversation over an in-flight meal, Leeds says, Trump raised the armrest that separated them. She alleges that he groped her breasts, kissed her, and attempted to put his hand up her skirt before she got out of her seat and escaped to coach. “It was an assault,” she says.

 Christina Cauterucci
CHRISTINA CAUTERUCCI
Christina Cauterucci is a Slate staff writer.
A decade later, Jill Harth met Trump when she and then-boyfriend George Houraney collaborated with him on a beauty pageant production in Atlantic City. According to Harth’s testimony in a 1996 deposition, Trump told Houraney, in front of Harth, that he was going to try to sleep with her. The next night, Harth says, Trump groped her under the table at dinner. During a meeting at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago estate the next month, she says, “He pushed me up against the wall, and had his hands all over me and tried to get up my dress again.” She describes this encounter as “attempted rape.”

Advertisement
Harth and Leeds are two of more than 20 women who have accused Trump of sexual assault or sexual harassment. None of the allegations I’ve collected in this piece are new; the information has been sourced from outlets including the New York Times, the Guardian, People, and BuzzFeed. All the allegations emerged prior to the 2016 election, and before the Times published well-sourced, searing accounts of the alleged sexual misconduct perpetrated by Harvey Weinstein, Bill O’Reilly, and Louis C.K. (Weinstein denies all claims of nonconsensual sex, and O’Reilly says reports of his misdeeds constitute a “malicious smear.” C.K. says the allegations against him are true.) The careers and reputations of all three of these men and many others have taken massive hits as women have come forward to publicize their alleged behavior. Donald Trump, by contrast, became the president of the United States.

Dozens of Republicans called for Trump to relinquish his nomination as the GOP candidate for president after a recording of him boasting about sexually assaulting women became public in October 2016. (Nearly half the assault allegations against Trump arose after that recording came out, but most of the Republican elected officials who would ultimately disavow Trump had already done so before these women went public with their accusations.) More recently, nearly half the Republicans in the Senate have distanced themselves from Roy Moore, the Alabama Senate candidate accused of molesting teenage girls, either withdrawing their support for the GOP nominee or calling for him to drop out of the race. (Moore says every one of his accusers is lying.) Several prominent Democrats have also called for the resignations of Sen. Al Franken and Rep. John Conyers, a pair of left-of-center politicians who’ve been accused of sexual misconduct in recent weeks. (Franken admits to some allegations of misconduct and denies others. Conyers denies all wrongdoing.) But in December 2017, prominent politicians have ceased going on television to argue that Trump should resign due to his alleged sexual misconduct.

171204_XX_leeds
Jessica Leeds at her home in New York on Oct. 21.
Celeste Sloman for the Washington Post via Getty Images

It’s impossible to say with certainty whether the nation would’ve responded differently if these accusations against Trump had come out now, all at once, in our post-Weinstein age. Would the real estate executive turned president have been tarnished, defeated, and tossed aside? Or are Republican voters too motivated by party tribalism, racism, greed, and various -phobias (Islamo-, xeno-, trans-) to care? Moore, after all, is surging in the polls. Still, it’s undeniable that we process public accusations of sexual violations differently in the fall of 2017 than we did in the fall of 2016. Amid the current shift in how the American public assesses and responds to these sorts of allegations, it’s worth revisiting the claims against Trump as a unit, in the mode of the recent exposés of famous men who’ve been named, shamed, and driven from public life.

The allegations against the 45th president of the United States—made in depositions, first-person accounts, and media interviews—paint a picture of a powerful businessman who made repeated nonconsensual sexual advances toward women who felt they had little recourse. Some say Trump kissed them without their consent or that he deliberately walked in on them while they were naked. Others claim he touched their genitals or buttocks. The youngest accusers were teenagers when the events they describe took place.

“The stories are total fiction, they’re 100 percent made up,” Trump said at a North Carolina rally in October 2016, responding to the spate of allegations against him. At another October 2016 rally, Trump offered Leeds’ looks as exculpatory evidence. “Believe me, she would not be my first choice, that I can tell you,” he said. His lawyer, Michael D. Cohen, reiterated that argument in an interview with Wolf Blitzer. “You know, some people may think that they’re beautiful. Others don’t,” Cohen said. “I think what Mr. Trump is really trying to say is that they’re not—they’re not somebody that he would be attracted to, and therefore the whole thing is nonsense.”

On the trail, Trump accused the media of conspiring to slow the momentum of his presidential campaign by seeking out women to lie about his behavior. At an event in Pennsylvania that also took place in October 2016, Trump vowed, “All of these liars will be sued after the election is over.” In spite of that threat, he has not sued any of his accusers since being elected president. When asked this year whether Trump still maintains that all of his accusers are lying, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders answered, “Yeah, we’ve been clear on that from the beginning.”

Trump has, on at least one occasion, admitted to behaviors similar to those described by his accusers. In a 2005 conversation with Access Hollywood’s Billy Bush, Trump described trying to have sex with a married woman. “I just start kissing [women],” he said. “It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. ... Grab them by the pussy. You can do anything.” When a recording of those comments was made public, Trump pooh-poohed them as “locker-room banter.” (More recently, he has reportedly taken to denying that it’s his voice on the Access Hollywood tape.)

Kristin Anderson says Trump’s comments were more than just banter. Anderson claims she was talking to acquaintances at a Manhattan nightclub in the early 1990s when she felt a hand reaching up her skirt, touching her vulva over her underwear. According to Anderson, the hand belonged to Trump, whom she hadn’t noticed sitting beside her; one of her friends says Anderson told her about the encounter a few days later. Anderson says she laughed it off at first but over time came to find the behavior disturbing. She decided to tell her story, she says, after hearing the Access Hollywood recording and watching Trump deny in a presidential debate that he had ever touched a woman inappropriately.

Several other women say Trump kissed or touched them without their consent in the same manner he described in that 2005 recording. Cathy Heller says Trump grabbed her and tried to kiss her at a Mother’s Day brunch at Mar-a-Lago around 1997. He became angry when she tried to remove herself from his grasp, she says, then held her in place and kissed her on the lips.

Melinda McGillivray says she was helping her friend, photographer Ken Davidoff, at a Mar-a-Lago event in 2003 when Trump groped her. Davidoff confirms that McGillivray pulled him aside and said, ‘’Donald just grabbed my ass!’’ moments after the alleged assault occurred. She says she remembers asking herself, “OK, am I going to say something now and make a scene or be quiet?” She says she chose to stay silent since she was surrounded by important guests, including Regis Philbin and Ray Charles.

Rachel Crooks was a receptionist working in Trump Tower in 2005 when she found herself on an elevator with Trump. After she introduced herself and shook his hand, she alleges, he kept hold of her hand and kissed her on her cheeks and mouth. Crooks’ sister and her former boyfriend Clint Hackenburg both confirm she told them about the incident immediately after it happened, with Hackenburg saying “she paused for a second” before telling him about the encounter, “and then started hysterically crying.”

171204_XX_harth
Jill Harth in New York on March 28, 2012.
Larry Busacca/Getty Images for New York Weddings

Former Apprentice contestant Jennifer Murphy tells a nearly identical story. After a job interview at Trump Tower in 2005, she alleges, he grabbed her face and kissed her on the lips. “I didn’t know how to act,” she says. “I was just a little taken aback and probably turned red. And I then I get into the elevator and thought, ‘Huh, Donald Trump just kissed me on the lips.’ ” This encounter came soon after his marriage to Melania Trump. “I would hope that he would be true to his marriage, and I was also engaged at the time,” she says. In 2016, Murphy said she still intended to vote for Trump and considered him a “mentor.”

Temple Taggart McDowell met Trump when she competed as Miss Utah in the Trump-owned Miss USA pageant in 1997. She claims he surprised her and other contestants with unwanted kisses, behavior she found “inappropriate” because he was married to Marla Maples at the time. “He kissed me directly on the lips. I thought, ‘Oh my God, gross,’ ” McDowell says. At a subsequent meeting, Trump “again embraced and kissed her on the lips,” an act that, according to McDowell, led a pageant chaperone to advise her “not to go into any rooms with Trump alone.”

People writer Natasha Stoynoff alleges more severe violations of her personal boundaries. During a 2005 reporting trip to Mar-a-Lago, she says, Trump pushed her against a wall and forced his tongue inside her mouth while his wife Melania was out of the room. Stoynoff alleges Trump told her, “You know we’re going to have an affair, don’t you?”

Many of the women who’ve accused Trump of assaulting them say he knew he was powerful enough to end their careers.
Today, Trump is president. But at the time these alleged encounters took place, he was a famously litigious businessman who bankrolled teams of high-end lawyers with the wealth he’d inherited from his father and earned in his real estate dealings. Stoynoff says this was the reason she waited more than a decade to air her allegations. “I was ashamed and blamed myself for his transgression,” she wrote in People in October 2016. “I doubted my recollection and my reaction. I was afraid that a famous, powerful, wealthy man could and would discredit and destroy me, especially if I got his coveted People feature killed.”

Five people confirm that Stoynoff told them about Trump’s alleged misconduct soon after it happened. But in a speech soon after Stoynoff made her accusation, Trump asked why, if he’d assaulted the People writer as she’d claimed, “wasn’t it part of the story that appeared 20—or 12 years ago?” He then insinuated that Stoynoff wasn’t attractive enough for him to want to kiss. “Take a look. You look at her,” Trump said. “Look at her words. You tell me what you think. I don’t think so. I don’t think so.”

Trump also sought to discredit the account of Jessica Drake, an adult film actress. Drake claims Trump grabbed and kissed her at a 2006 golf tournament in Nevada, then offered her $10,000 and the use of his private jet if she agreed to come alone to his hotel room. “She’s a porn star,” Trump said in a radio interview in the fall of 2016. He then turned sarcastic: “Oh, I’m sure she’s never been grabbed before.”

Many of the women who’ve accused Trump of assaulting them say he knew he was powerful enough to end their careers if they spoke up about his abuse. At the 1998 U.S. Open tennis tournament in New York, Karena Virginia was waiting for a car when, she says, she overheard Trump talking to other men about her legs before walking up to her and touching her breast. Virginia recalls Trump asking, “Don’t you know who I am?” after she flinched at his touch.

Anderson, the woman who says Trump touched her genitals under her skirt, says, “It wasn’t a sexual come-on”—that “it was like just to prove that he could do it, and nothing would happen.” That was also the impression he left on five former Miss Teen USA contestants, who say Trump walked in on them while they were changing backstage at the 1997 event. The girls and young women in the dressing room were all 15 to 19 years old. When Trump burst through the door, one contestant says, the half-dressed teenagers began “scrambling to grab … whatever garments they had.” Mariah Billado, who then held the title of Miss Vermont Teen USA, recalls Trump making a joke along the lines of, “Don’t worry, ladies, I’ve seen it all before.” Another contestant says it felt like Trump, as the pageant owner, believed “it was his given right” to watch the girls change.

Several former competitors in the Miss USA and Miss Universe pageants describe similar behavior. Bridget Sullivan remembers Trump walking through the dressing rooms while “we were all naked” at the 2000 pageant, which she found “shocking.” The next year, Trump “came strolling right in” while “some girls were topless” and “other girls were naked,” says former Miss Arizona USA Tasha Dixon. Dixon, who was 18 at the time, says she felt “physically vulnerable” and unable to register her discomfort, because “there’s no one to complain to—everyone there works for him.” Former Miss Washington USA Cassandra Searles says Trump “continually grabbed my ass and invited me to his hotel room” during the 2013 competition. Ninni Laaksonen says she met him as Miss Finland in 2006, when he “grabbed” and “squeezed” her butt during a photo op.

171204_XX_searles
Miss Washington USA Cassandra Searles is introduced during the Miss USA pageant on June 16, 2013, in Las Vegas.
Ethan Miller/Getty Images

Eleven contestants from the 1997 Miss Teen USA pageant say they don’t remember Trump walking into the dressing room that year. Some don’t believe he would have been able to gain access to the dressing room given the presence of adult chaperones. One contestant says Billado and the other accusers must have lied about Trump “because they are [probably] voting for Hillary Clinton.” (The pageant allegations came out soon before the 2016 election.)

But in a 2005 interview with Howard Stern, Trump admitted that “I sort of get away” with barging backstage during beauty pageants and ogling women without their clothes on:

Well, I’ll tell you the funniest is that before a show: I’ll go backstage, and everyone’s getting dressed, and everything else, and you know, no men are anywhere, and I’m allowed to go in because I’m the owner of the pageant and therefore I’m inspecting it. You know, I’m inspecting because I want to make sure that everything is good. You know, the dresses. “Is everyone OK?” You know, they’re standing there with no clothes. “Is everybody OK?” And you see these incredible-looking women, and so, I sort of get away with things like that.
Despite this seeming admission, Trump’s campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks called the pageant stories “totally false.”

Now, Trump may face the first legal consequences related to his alleged sexual misconduct.
The first public accusation of Trump’s sexual abuse came from an unlikely source: his own ex-wife. In a 1993 book, Lost Tycoon: The Many Lives of Donald J. Trump, author Harry Hurt III wrote that Ivana Trump told “some of her closest confidantes” that Trump “raped” her in anger after he’d gone through a painful hairline procedure from a plastic surgeon she had suggested. In a deposition from the couple’s divorce proceedings, Ivana recounted a harrowing scene that ended with Trump pulling her hair, holding her arms back, and forcing sexual intercourse. Ivana later said her use of the term raped was not meant in “a literal or criminal sense.” In July 2015, she said, “I have recently read some comments attributed to me from nearly 30 years ago at a time of very high tension during my divorce from Donald. The story is totally without merit.”

Now, more than three decades after Jessica Leeds claims he touched her under her skirt, Trump may face the first legal consequences related to his alleged sexual misconduct. Onetime Apprentice contestant Summer Zervos says that in 2007 Trump kissed her, groped her breasts, and thrust his genitals against her after she asked him to stop. Zervos has filed a lawsuit contending that Trump defamed her when he called her and the other accusers “liars.” A hearing on Trump’s motion to dismiss the lawsuit will be held on Tuesday.

“All I can say is it’s totally fake news,” Trump said in response to the Zervos lawsuit. “It’s just fake. It’s fake. It’s made-up stuff, and it’s disgraceful, what happens, but that happens in the world of politics.” His attorney, Marc Kasowitz, said the suit is “based on allegations of events that never occurred.”

When she made her initial accusation in a public statement in October 2016, Zervos addressed Trump directly. “After hearing the released audio tapes and your denials during the debate, I feel that I have to speak out about your behavior,” she said. “You do not have the right to treat women as sexual objects just because you are a star.”



http://www.slate.com/blogs/better_life_lab/2017/12/01/_i_m_pregnant_why_your_boss_s_reaction_may_matter_more_than_you_think.html
“I’m Pregnant.” Why Your Boss’s Reaction May Matter More Than You Think.
When Jen approached her boss about her pregnancy, she expected something like a tepid congratulations. Instead, her female boss turned to their male colleague and said: “See, this is why you can’t hire women, or at least not ones of childbearing age.”

“I was anticipating an ‘OK, then. Congratulations,’ ” said Jen, who, like nearly all of the women we spoke to for this story didn’t want to use her last name in case of repercussions to her professional relationships. “I wasn’t expecting a joke. I wasn’t expecting a joke at my expense or at the expense of other women.” Jen actually liked her boss and her job, but this dig has stuck with her over the years.

Advertisement
New research in Organization Science by Laura Little, Amanda Hinojosa, and John Lynch shows that when managers responded positively to a pregnancy announcement, the employee was found to be more engaged and committed to their job and supervisor more than a year later.

After working with hundreds of new parents and their managers, and interviewing hundreds more, I know that the significance of the announcement story in shaping the transition to parenthood at work. I hear these stories most often from women, not expecting fathers, perhaps because women’s careers are more likely to be at risk after becoming pregnant, and concerns about stigma are top of mind.

A positive interaction does truly pay off. When Sarah Kaufman, assistant director for technology programming at the NYU’s Rudin Center, shared her news, her boss was almost gleeful with his congratulations. “When you said you had to tell me something I thought you got a new job offer,” he explained, “but this is fantastic news.” Kaufman continues to work with her boss four years after the birth of her son. His reaction is consistent with his management style: He’s given her the space to grow in her career while making time for her family, and Kaufman’s career has benefited.

Then there are the bosses who make it clear that they view their employees’ major life events as huge inconveniences. One salon owner responded to a pregnancy announcement by telling the pregnant stylist and her colleagues that he wished he didn’t have to hire employees with working uteruses.

When Emily announced her pregnancy to her supervisor at a nonprofit, he didn’t look up from his computer. “So are you going to be coming back or staying home and having a bunch of kids?” Suzi, a marketing executive, had just received a glowing performance review a week prior to her announcement. Her boss responded by pointing to her stomach and telling her that with all she had going on in there she may no longer be right for the job. She could barely contain her shock. Each of these stories ended with the employee’s eventual departure.

Both the employee and the manager bring a lot of baggage to this interaction. Research shows that managers’ own work-life conflict may result in negative work behaviors. When one employee announced she was expecting, Ilana, a Rabbi, admits that she was secretly less than thrilled. “I feel terrible about that reaction,” she confessed. “To her, of course, I was happy and excited—but you can't help but have a feeling of ‘What am I going to do?’ when someone who works for you announces a pregnancy.”

Given the work and life factors at play for both employees and managers, the timing and circumstances of the announcement may have a lot to do with the likelihood that all goes well. When Rebecca, a public school teacher, announced her first pregnancy, she was one of the first of her co-workers to have children. At the time of her first announcement, her principal was excited and supportive. In June, when Rebecca announced she was pregnant again and would be out for the fall, one of the busiest and most stressful times of the school year, her principal “basically cried.” In short, it’s easy for managers to miss the chance to respond positively when work and life are overwhelming. It’s also common for employees to draw the wrong conclusions about their manager because of one thoughtless reaction on a bad day.

Managers should recognize that these interactions, however brief, matter a great deal. Be prepared. Your employee doesn’t necessarily need a hug, but he or she wants to feel emotionally safe and informed. A warm congratulations is sufficient. Focus on framing this new phase the right way, as an opportunity for collaboration, a chance to open the lines of communication and to plan for the changes ahead together.

Employees can also help create conditions for a successful conversations: Don’t just drop the news and wait for a reaction. Be proactive about setting the tone for good communication. Leave the meeting prepared to start planning for the road ahead—delegating work, clarifying expectations, while keeping your manager informed and engaged in the process.

Both parties need to cultivate empathy in these moments. When Abby, an investment banker, announced her first pregnancy, her boss put her head in her hands, despairingly. She then told Abby how hard it would be to cover for her, and detailed the barriers to advancement as a mom in investment banking. When she became pregnant with her second child, Abby tried a different tactic. She went into the same boss’s office and said: “I’m going to tell you something. Then you are going to say: ‘Congratulations! Let’s work together to create a plan that will work for both of us.’ ” Her boss looked across her desk, paused, and smiled. “Congratulations.”

A new baby is just one of the many moments when work and life collide for manager and employee. It’s a rare moment, when both bring personal values, experiences, and expectations into the workplace. How managers choose to react in that moment leaves a lasting impression—make it a good one.



http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/jurisprudence/2017/12/new_hampshire_republicans_want_to_impose_a_poll_tax_on_college_students.html
A Poll Tax in New Hampshire
The 2016 election was a bittersweet one for the New Hampshire Republican Party. The GOP won unified control of the state government, but Hillary Clinton carried the state and Democratic Sen. Maggie Hassan squeaked out a narrow victory. Donald Trump alleged that voters bused in illegally from Massachusetts tipped the state away from him, a claim endorsed by GOP state legislators despite a total lack of evidence. Kansas’ Republican Secretary of State Kris Kobach, the head of Trump’s voter fraud commission, has also falsely claimed to have “proof” that thousands of illegal votes tipped the 2016 election toward Democrats.

 Mark Joseph Stern
MARK JOSEPH STERN
Mark Joseph Stern is a writer for Slate. He covers the law and LGBTQ issues.

In response, New Hampshire Republicans have initiated a crackdown on voting rights designed to suppress likely Democratic voters. First, legislators rammed through a voter intimidation bill, creating new documentation requirements for those who wish to cast a ballot and subjecting them to arrest and prosecution if they lack the necessary forms. (A state court quickly blocked the measure.) Now Republicans are taking aim at the population they blame for last year’s Democratic successes: college students. A new bill would impose steep fees on all voters who lack a New Hampshire driver’s license—despite the fact that it is perfectly legal to vote in New Hampshire with an out-of-state license. The measure is tantamount to a post-election poll tax. It stands an excellent chance of becoming law.

New Hampshire has a long history of disenfranchising college students. Shortly after the ratification of the 26th Amendment in 1971, which lowered the national voting age to 18, the state declared it could deny the ballot to university students who planned to leave the state after graduation. A federal court disagreed in 1972’s Newburger v. Peterson, ruling that students hold a constitutional right to vote where they live. But when the state began swinging to the left in the 1990s, Republican lawyers flooded the polls to challenge students attempting to register with out-of-state licenses. GOP town clerks also illegally denied ballots to university students. And in 2012, the Republican-dominated state Legislature passed a confusing law that incorrectly informed new voters that they could register only if they planned to remain in the state indefinitely. The New Hampshire Supreme Court unanimously struck down that measure as a violation of the state constitution.

College students hold a fundamental right under state and federal law to vote where they attend school.
The new bill moving through the state Legislature, known as HB 372, is much worse. Under current law—which is a reflection of federal court mandates—an individual may vote in New Hampshire if she is “domiciled” there. That simply means she resides in the state “more than any other place,” a standard that comports with the U.S. Constitution. Under HB 372, however, an individual is allowed to vote in New Hampshire only if she is a “resident.” And residency status carries two affirmative obligations: Within 60 days of becoming a resident, an individual must register her car with the state and obtain a New Hampshire driver’s license.

That’s not cheap. A driver’s license costs $50, and car registration costs even more. Initial registration and plate fees cost $23. Registrants must also pay separate state and municipal fees; state fees for a midsize car add up to $50 a year while municipal fees for a new vehicle can total several hundred dollars. Various administrative fees (title application, waste reclamation, data processing) add another $20. (College students who don’t have cars won’t face these obligations; a student who moves to New Hampshire for college might prefer to leave her car behind in order to preserve her voting rights.)

If HB 372 passes, then, car-driving college students who move to New Hampshire from another state will have two options. They can relinquish their right to vote, remain “domiciled” without residency, and retain their out-of-state license and registration, costing them nothing. Or they can exercise their right to vote, become “residents,” and turn over hundreds of dollars to the state. Properly understood, the law looks a lot like a special tax on college students who exercise the franchise.

Advertisement
Fortunately for New Hampshire voters, the legality of HB 372 is rather dubious. The 24th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution bars the imposition of poll taxes in federal elections, and the Equal Protection Clause prohibits such taxes in state elections as well. Federal courts have inconsistently applied these guarantees in recent years. The good news here is that the New Hampshire Constitution provides robust protection for the right to vote, declaring that “every inhabitant of the state of 18 years of age and upwards shall have an equal right to vote in any election.” The state Supreme Court has interpreted this provision to mean that a “severe” burden on the right to vote must be “narrowly drawn to advance a state interest of compelling importance.”

HB 372 almost certainly constitutes a severe burden on the franchise, compelling university students to spend a nontrivial amount of money to vote in the state. And it is plainly unsupported by any state interest, let alone a compelling one.

The bill’s Republican sponsors have provided two justifications for the bill, one erroneous, one illegitimate. First, they assert that the bill corrects legally problematic language in the current law—a laughable claim given that it actually introduces new, legally suspect requirements. Second, they admit, with startling candor, that the bill is meant to weed out college students.



http://www.slate.com/articles/life/dear_prudence/2017/12/dear_prudence_my_grandmother_is_trying_to_proselytize_my_child.html
Baby’s First Sermon
Mallory Ortberg: Good morning, world! Let’s get to adjudicating.

Q. Grandma trying to convert grandchild: Grandma is very, very religious and has taken it upon herself to attempt to convert our new 2-month-old son. Every “conversation” with the infant includes God and every present is Christian-themed, from Christian picture frames to religious children’s books. Obviously the child still doesn’t grasp any of this.

The rub is my spouse and I aren’t religious, and agreed to raise our child in our (lack) of beliefs. We aren’t bothered by exposure, which can be great for learning, but this proselytizing isn’t OK. How do we get Grandma to stop, especially when the Christmas season is bound to kick this into overdrive? I am not optimistic that she will listen if we ask politely, and I would prefer to stop it before little Einstein is old enough to understand.

A: I’ve heard of religious family members trying to convert their relatives’ young children, but I’m almost impressed at how early your grandmother is trying to get God’s foot in the door (Almost. I am not, in fact, impressed with her behavior.). The good—and bad—news is that if your grandmother does not listen to your polite requests, you have the opportunity to establish appropriate consequences. “Grandma, I know your faith is important to you and that you love little Hanktimony here, but we’re not religious and don’t want you to proselytize to him.” If the religious gifts continue, you get to follow up with, “As we mentioned, we don’t want you to proselytize to our son; we’re going to donate this to an appropriate charity.” If she’s completely incapable of interacting with a baby without trying endlessly to espouse her religious beliefs, then you will get to limit the time she spends with her grandchild. That’s unfortunate, but it’s completely avoidable if she can behave appropriately. You’re not asking her to pretend she’s not religious, nor are you preventing her from expressing her faith, you’re simply asking her to refrain from trying to convert a 2-month-old baby with every breath.

Q. No way: My husband and I love the great outdoors and have taken our daughter to every national park in the state. She is 11. My two sisters have girls of their own. We took them all for a week this summer to a lake to see how a cousins camping trip would go.

It went great except for “Gracie.” Gracie was miserable. She could not do the simplest activities and didn’t want to do them at all. She would have panic attacks and cry if a bee got near her. My husband and I traded off doing activities with the other girls and staying in camp with Gracie.

Her mother adored having a kid-free week and wants to do this again for spring break. My husband and I want to do it with the other girls, but this time it would involve some actual deep woods experience. Gracie had a horrible time when we were at actual campsite with showers and toilets. Gracie says she wants to come, and I think it is mostly to please her mother. How do I tell my sister no way and still keep the peace? Gracie is a great girl and smart as a whip, but she is not the outdoors type at all.

A: Oh, this is tricky, especially because you’re not considering keeping it just in your nuclear family this year, but inviting all of the other cousins except for Gracie. It would be one thing if you just wanted to take your own girls, but I’m not sure how you could keep everyone on the roster but Gracie, especially if she still says she wants to go. My inclination is to say that you should just take your own children this year, but I’m open to hearing from other readers (especially parents!) who have other ideas on how to deal with this.

Q. Stuck: I adore “Dan.” He is everything I want in a man: sweet, funny, kind, and handsome. Dan lost his wife of four years to a drunk driver three years ago; he is still obsessively involved with her children. I wouldn’t think anything about it if Dan had raised these girls from birth, but they were 11 and 7 when Dan married their mother. Their biological father was not overly involved in their lives but not willing to sign away his paternal rights. His mother is the one with the day-to-day custody.

The 18-year-old moved in with Dan as soon as her birthday came. She has no plans for school as of now, does not have a full-time job, and calls Dan “Daddy.” I am very uncomfortable when I go over to Dan’s condo and she is there. I know she doesn’t like me, and while she hasn’t made any overtly hostile moves, she hugs Dan all the time and deliberately brings up her younger sister and interferes with any plans that we are making (“you can’t do anything Sunday, Daddy, Julie has a game,” et cetera!).

The entire situation makes me queasy. When the 14-year-old comes over, the three of them are this little impregnable unit, and I feel like the new kid in the lunchroom. They hang off Dan like limpets and ignore me entirely. The entire situation is ridiculous! I feel like the Evil Stepmother except they aren’t my stepkids! They aren’t even Dan’s anymore! Every time I bring up our relationship, Dan filters it through the kids’ angle (if we’d move in together, “where would the girls live?” If we sell our places and get a new one together, “it has to be near the girls!” If we go to Jamaica for Christmas, “what about the girls?”). I know I love Dan. I want to have a family with him, but he is stuck in the past. What can I do here?

A: Oh, man. I don’t often find myself wishing that a letter were fake, but I hope very much that this one is. The fact that you consider Dan’s relationship to his daughters temporary or easily dismissed because he has not raised them from birth is absolutely heartbreaking. Their mother is dead, their biological father is largely absent, and Dan has raised them since they were little girls—he’s their father, and any relationship you try to build with him that’s predicated on trying to diminish or mitigate that reality is doomed to fail. Your boyfriend’s daughter doesn’t like you because you have made it perfectly clear that you think it’s time for him to abandon his “old” daughters and start a new family with you. You feel like an Evil Stepmother because you are using some of the most classic moves out of the Evil Stepmother playbook! You are being an Evil Stepmother, full stop. If you can’t find a way to accept that Dan has two children and that any relationship you build together will have to rest upon that foundation, then the best thing you can do, for his sake as well as your own, is to break up now.

Q. Re: No way: Could they take all the girls except Gracie but offer a special trip (to the movies and a fun dinner locally, for example?) just to Gracie to make up for leaving her out of the dreaded camp out? I hated camping, and felt left out, myself!

A: That could be really sweet! Part of the implicit pressure is that the letter writer knows their sister wants another kid-free week, so it may be that the sister in question is less interested in making sure Gracie has a good time with her aunts/uncles/cousins and more interested in getting free child care. This won’t address that problem (although I think the letter writer should feel enormously free to make it clear that this trip is about really roughing it in the great outdoors, not about making sure their sisters get a week off of parenting), but it may go a long way toward making sure everyone actually enjoys the time they spend together.

Q. Family photos with dog: I’m recently engaged (within the last six months) to a wonderful dude with two equally wonderful children (7 and 10, who are with us about 60 percent of the time). We’ve recently adopted a puppy. I’m childless and have wanted a dog desperately for approximately 25 years. Based on a variety of factors, I’m probably not going to have my own biological children.

Am I allowed to have professional photos taken of the dog while he’s still a baby? There’s a giant part of me that says, “Yup—you’re childless and will remain so, sure you can get puppy photos done,” and there’s a big part of me that says, “Absolutely not, any professional photos need to include the kids and it’s not appropriate for you to do this/be in any of them without your fiancé and the kids.” Thoughts?

A: Never has the phrase “Others abide our question/ Thou art free” seemed quite so fitting. I think that you can get professional photos taken in whatever configuration you like! It doesn’t sound like these pictures are going on your engagement announcement or wedding invitations—you just want to spend some money on professional pictures with you and your new puppy. That is fine! It is your money, and your dog; if you want to wrangle a puppy into a photography studio and pose for pictures, then you have my blessing. If you also want to get professional photos with your fiancé and soon-to-be-stepchildren, too, you have my blessing there, too. There’s no reason you can’t do both.
Advertisement

Q. Re: Stuck: Your answer was spot on. Two weeks ago I married a wonderful, loving man who is still completely involved in the lives of his “former stepchildren”—he was married to their mom for 10 years before their divorce, and did most of the heavy lifting of raising them from grade school through high school graduation. The fact that he will always consider them “his kids” is, to me, just more evidence of what a great guy he is. They are now in college and basically have four parents—their biological ones and the two of us. So I would encourage the letter writer to take his devotion to the kids as living proof of what a loving and loyal person he is. If he were the kind of person who could just bail on them, as you clearly wish he would do, he would not be the “sweet” and “kind” person you describe.

A: There’s something especially jarring about wanting your boyfriend to ditch his own family in order to start a new one with you. What kind of father would he be to any children you’d have together, if he could be that easily talked into casting his other children aside? (I’m afraid I know the letter writer’s answer—any children they’d have together would be biologically his and therefore “more important,” which is a desperately sad worldview to hang on to.) I’m so glad to hear that your new husband is a good father and that you’ve been able to see your way through to becoming a part of his family, rather than trying to separate him from the rest of them.

Q. Family truth: Seven years ago, before my niece was born, my sister had an affair with a Colombian co-worker. Our family is white and so is my brother in-law’s family, though they claim to have some long-ago Native American ancestry. This is the excuse my sister seized on when my niece was born with brown eyes and brown hair despite everyone else being either blond or redheads. I don’t have physical proof beyond the timing of my niece’s birth and my sister confiding in me about the affair. My brother-in-law is not the sharpest tool in the shed, but he loves his wife and his daughter. I brought up the issue once with my sister, and she shut me down—the affair was a “mistake,” but there is no way her baby could be anyone else’s but her husband’s. Her response was harsh enough that I have never brought it up since.

My niece has. She looks nothing like her brothers and younger sister. She has asked why she tans in the summer while everyone else gets red and if she was adopted like her friend in school. My sister freaks out over these questions and comes down harshly. I know that this is going to be an issue as my niece gets older. What can I do to prepare?

A: Not much, I think. You have a suspicion but little else, and it’s not impossible for two fair-haired people to have a dark-haired child. You can encourage your sister to respond more graciously when her daughter asks an innocent question, but if she’s completely unwilling to talk about the possibility of her former affair partner being the father of her child, then you can’t force her.

Q. Overeating brother-in-law: My brother-in-law has a serious problem with overeating. Yesterday, upon arriving at a family gathering at my home, he immediately made a beeline for the buffet table and loaded up his plate without even saying hello to anyone. He loaded it up several more times thereafter, eating while huddled in a corner without interacting much socially. Two hours later, he comes over and asks if there are any more bagels. He then ate three bagels in the span of 15 minutes, literally just shoving them in his face. He carries food around with him at all times. He’s gained at least 125 pounds since my eldest was born and the pictures of him holding my then-infant child seven years ago are startling (and he wasn’t thin then either).

Yet, I’m the only one who seems to care about this. My wife shrugs and says it’s a problem but there’s nothing for her to do; he’s an adult and not her child. She cares more that he eats the food she was planning on saving for the week. The rest of his immediate family either doesn’t see a problem or says he’s very sensitive and he’ll completely shut people out if it’s mentioned. He has a lot of other problems: He’s never had a girlfriend despite being in his mid-30s, and he’s never had full-time employment (just series of part-time gigs). Aside from being grossed out and worried about his health, I think he’s just given up on life (he makes no attempt to fix any problems in his life) and probably has deep, untreated depression. Is there anything to be done? I don’t think it’s my place to say anything, and no one else will.

A: I think the key part of your letter is the phrase “aside from being grossed out,” which suggests that your concern has less to do with spending more time with your brother-in-law and offering him emotional support, and more to do with trying to control his behavior.

Your wife is right—he is an adult, and you two aren’t especially close, so you have a limited ability to start raising intimately personal issues with him. You can’t go from “We speak every few months” to “Hey, I’ve identified your three biggest problems in life and think it’s time for you to address them” overnight. If nothing else, know that as a fat person, your brother-in-law has likely already gotten a great deal of advice and input about his eating habits from strangers, friends, and acquaintances, even if your family has refrained from commenting. That doesn’t mean, however, that there’s nothing you can do to help support someone you believe to be in visible emotional pain.

You say that the other day he didn’t say hello to anyone at the family dinner, then sat in a corner while eating. As an in-law who doesn’t have a solid friendship with him, it’s not your place to subsequently ask him about his relationship to food, but there was nothing keeping you from going over and saying hello, and engaging him socially. Your options are not restricted to either “Tell your grown in-law you think he’s eating emotionally/compulsively, that he needs a girlfriend, and he has a spotty employment history, and that you know how to fix it” or “ignore him completely.” If you think he seems lonely and isolated at family events, say hello. Draw him out. Tell him you’re happy to see him, and try to find something you’d both enjoy talking about, rather than keeping a mental scorecard of how much weight he’s gained in the last seven years. If you reframe your goal from “fixing” your brother-in-law to “seeking to better understand and support him,” then I think there’s plenty of scope for meaningful, helpful action.

Q. Re: Stuck: I’m not sure if your answer was completely spot-on. I agree that the letter writer seems to have Evil Stepmother tendencies, but there might also be something else going on that’s alerting her that something is weird. An 18-year-old girl calling her father figure “daddy” is disturbing. It may be that the letter writer is picking up on some weird nefarious thing that’s happening and she can’t quite figure out what it is.

A: Sure, I’m of the opinion that daddy is a term that should generally stay in childhood, but this absolutely pales in comparison to the letter writer’s expectation that her boyfriend should stop considering his daughters to be his daughters. If the letter writer had said, “I love my boyfriend and want to get to know his children better, and I’m a little concerned about some of their boundaries and whether or not I can expect to build a separate life with him as they continue to grow up,” we’d have plenty to work with. But the letter writer asked how she could convince her boyfriend to abandon his children, and that supersedes everything else, to my mind.



http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2017/12/the_silver_lining_for_democrats_in_the_gop_tax_bill.html
The Silver Lining in the GOP Tax Bill
Late Friday night, Senate Republicans passed a hastily crafted $1.5 trillion overhaul of the tax code on a party line vote of 51–49. Only Bob Corker of Tennessee broke ranks to vote against the bill, whose final draft was introduced hours before voting with handwritten amendments scribbled in the margins by lobbyists.

This plan, centered on a large corporate and upper-income tax cut, has clear winners and losers, with most of the American public falling in the latter category. “It’s hard to imagine a more egregious waste of time and energy, or a worse outcome for taxpayers and the broader economy,” concludes a scathing editorial from Bloomberg View. No amount of opposition from Democrats (nor the public) could keep Republicans from passing the bill. Still, there is something of a silver lining for Democrats in this defeat, one that matters greatly in the inevitable fight to roll back or repeal these tax cuts.

First, the winners: Big businesses and their investors receive hundreds of billions in new tax breaks and deductions, growing profits and putting more money in the hands of wealthy individuals. Lower rates for “pass-through” businesses, owned mostly by the rich, give even more cash to the nation’s wealthy elite. And when those elites eventually die, they’ll have an easier time passing on their fortune: The Senate plan allows rich parents to pass the first $11 million of a fortune to children tax-free, while the House plan eliminates the estate tax entirely.

House Speaker Paul Ryan claimed to want a “middle-class tax cut” and “a system that’s more fair, much simpler.” That is not what’s on the table. Under the Republican plan, Americans in the middle receive modest tax cuts ranging from a few hundred dollars for those in the 40th percentile of income to $1,430 for those in the 80th percentile. The vast majority of benefits go to the highest income earners. The top 1 percent receive an average cut of $34,130. The top 0.1 percent get a cut of $85,640. And while the middle-class tax cuts are temporary, the rate reductions that give benefits to high-earners are not. The effect, in 10 years, is a middle-class tax hike. By 2027, those in the middle quintile—making $40,000 to $50,000—would pay a combined $5.3 billion more in taxes, while those earning more than $1 million would pay $5.8 billion less. Overall, the richest 20 percent of households will reap 90 percent of the benefits of the Republican proposals.

This gets to the losers of the tax bill. The Senate plan includes a repeal of the individual mandate that requires all Americans to purchase health insurance. This is the “skinny” repeal of the Affordable Care Act that was rejected over the summer. If it becomes law, the Congressional Budget Office expects 13 million Americans to drop health insurance over the next decade. And while lower-income families escape direct impact, Republicans are already planning to reduce the debt from their tax cuts by slashing retirement programs and spending on the poor.

It would be one thing if Republicans had run on these policy changes in 2016. But they didn’t. At no point did Donald Trump run on massive tax cuts for the wealthy and tax increases for the middle-class. No, Trump pledged that tax reform would hit the rich—would hit him—hardest. “The thing I’m going to do is make sure the middle class gets good tax breaks. Because they have been absolutely shunned,” said Trump, during the campaign, in an interview on Meet the Press. “The other thing, I’m going to fight very hard for business. For the wealthy, I think, frankly, it’s going to go up. And you know what, it really should go up.”

As recently as last Wednesday, President Trump said that the GOP tax plan would “cost him a fortune.” These were lies. The truth is that Trump and his family will reap enormous benefits from this bill, saving billions of dollars and growing their fortunes on the backs of ordinary taxpayers. Republican tax reform is just another way in which the party ran a scam in the 2016 election, promising one set of policies to voters then delivering just the opposite once in office. It’s a smash and grab of public funds for private gain.

Democrats, it should be said, did real damage to this effort. Major tax cuts are usually popular, but the Republican tax plan is starkly unpopular, with just 32 percent of Americans in approval according to an analysis by FiveThirtyEight. This make the Republicans’ ostensible tax cuts more unpopular than even some tax hikes. Part of this is polarization among voters, but part of it is the unified opposition and consistent messaging of House and Senate Democrats, with conservatives like Joe Manchin of West Virginia and Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota standing shoulder to shoulder with left-wing figures like Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren.

Want More Politics? Listen to the Political Gabfest.

Join Emily Bazelon, John Dickerson, and David Plotz as they discuss and debate the week’s biggest political news.
Democrats couldn’t stop the bill, because the GOP was so committed to passing it. Upper-income tax cuts are the raison d’etre of the modern Republican Party. The prospect of passing a bill like this is precisely why Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell stuck with Donald Trump through the campaign, tolerating his racism and misogyny, looking past his history of fraud and sexual assault. It’s why, in the first year of his presidency, Republicans have kept their heads down, backing Trump despite his corruption, racist demagoguery, and dangerously unhinged rhetoric.

But the process that produced this bill opens an opportunity for Democrats, should they choose to take it. Republicans have shown that, if you have the will, you can pursue broad and expansive policies without buy-in from the other side. And with this particular bill, they’ve passed a set of difficult tax increases—eliminating the deduction for state and local taxes, for instance—that can be used to fund future programs for the poor and middle-class.



https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2017/12/alan-dershowitz.html
Trying to Make Sense of Alan Dershowitz’s Argument on Fox & Friends This Morning
On Monday morning, Donald Trump told his Twitter followers to check out an appearance on Fox & Friends by Alan Dershowitz, a legal scholar and former Harvard Law professor, “with respect to the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history.”

Donald J. Trump
✔
@realDonaldTrump
A must watch: Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on @foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest Witch Hunt in U.S. political history. Enjoy!
4:35 AM - Dec 4, 2017
 22,137 22,137 Replies   13,169 13,169 Retweets   50,138 50,138 likes
Twitter Ads info and privacy
On the Fox & Friends segment, Dershowitz argued Trump had not obstructed justice—and that it was nearly impossible for a president to be guilty of obstruction short of literally destroying physical evidence. Charging Trump with obstruction of justice even though he was “exercising his constitutional authority under Article II” would actually lead to a constitutional crisis, he argued.

For obstruction of justice by the president, you need clearly illegal acts. With Nixon, hush money paid, telling people to lie, destroying evidence. Even with Clinton, they said that he tried to influence potential witnesses not to tell the truth. But there’s never been a case in history where a president has been charged with obstruction of justice for merely exercising his constitutional authority.

Dershowitz’s opinion relies largely on the argument that the president’s intent doesn’t matter. Dershowitz cites the president’s powers to “take care that the laws be faithfully executed.” Under those powers, the president can alter the course of an investigation, for example, or pardon someone.

Dershowitz argues that, similarly, the president couldn’t obstruct justice by pressuring former FBI Director James Comey to stop his inquiries into Russian election meddling, even if he knew former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn lied to the FBI, or by later firing Comey. (Trump’s personal attorney, John Dowd, also made the claim Monday in an interview with Axios that the president cannot be guilty of obstruction of justice because of his power as chief law enforcement officer under Article II of the Constitution.)

   Fox News ‎@FoxNews

Alan Dershowitz
✔
@AlanDersh
Claim of obstruction of justice on the part of POTUS reflects "hope over reality." I explain why https://video.foxnews.com/v/5667026419001/?playlist_id=930909787001#sp=show-clips …
6:03 AM - Dec 4, 2017
 289 289 Replies   850 850 Retweets   1,598 1,598 likes
Twitter Ads info and privacy
Some legal experts, however, argue that the president’s intent very much matters in discussions of “faithfully executing” the laws. Writing in the California Law Review in July, Daniel Hemel and Eric Posner, Slate contributors and professors at the University of Chicago Law School, argue that while the Senate has not decided whether presidential obstruction of justice is a “high crime or misdemeanor” that could make for an impeachable offense, presidents are not above being charged with obstruction of justice.

As defined by statute and precedent, the crime of obstruction occurs when an individual “corruptly” endeavors to impede or influence an investigation or other proceeding, and the word “corruptly” is understood to mean “with an improper purpose.”

When the president impedes or influences an investigation with a proper purpose, he does not commit the crime of obstruction. … But if the president interferes with an investigation because he worries that it might bring to light criminal activity by himself, his family, or his top aides—and not for reasons related to national security or faithful execution of federal law—then he acts corruptly, and thus criminally. The Constitution does not authorize the president to employ his office for personal or partisan advantage, and intervening in an investigation for that purpose is not a proper.

Randall Eliason, a professor at the George Washington University Law School who writes the legal blog Sidebars, has, in his words, “engaged in a bit of a back-and-forth” with Dershowitz on Twitter. Eliason says Dershowitz’s arguments are “extraordinary.”

“I think what it boils down to is he’s claiming that the president is immune from obstruction of justice,” he said in an interview Monday. “As far as I can tell, he’s just asserting that. There’s no authority that says that. Things that are still legal can be obstruction of justice if done with corrupt intent.”

Eliason also argues Dershowitz’s argument here is based off a misleading idea of what “precedent” is. Dershowitz argued that previous presidents fired high-ranking officials and directed investigations during controversial times:

That’s what Thomas Jefferson did, that’s what Lincoln did, that’s what Roosevelt did. We have precedents that clearly establish that. When George Bush the first pardoned Caspar Weinberger in order to end the investigation that would have led to him, nobody suggested obstruction of justice.

President George H.W. Bush did indeed pardon Caspar Weinberger and five others implicated in the Iran-Contra affair, causing some to suspect he’d tried to prevent them from implicating him. “But precedent suggests there’s some force to it, that it should inform what you do today,” Eliason said. “A decision not to bring charges just means that particular prosecutor on that particular case on that particular day didn’t bring charges, and we don’t know why, and that doesn’t prove anything.”

Perhaps the more surprising argument Dershowitz made was that had the president really been trying to obstruct justice, he would have pardoned Flynn:

And then Flynn wouldn’t be cooperating with the other side, and the president would have had the complete authority to do so. And Flynn never would have been indicted, never would have turned as a witness against him. So I think the fact that the president hasn’t pardoned Flynn even though he has the power to do so is very good evidence there’s no obstruction of justice going on here.

It’s true Trump could have pardoned Flynn, but not only would he have likely faced a serious political backlash, it’s possible that pardoning Flynn with, as Eliason describes it, “corrupt reasons” might have possibly gotten him into legal trouble. “The power to pardon does not include power to do so for criminal reasons,” Eliason argues in his blog post.

He also takes issue with Dershowitz’s logic. “We don’t usually argue that because I could have done something worse, that suggests I didn’t do something bad here,” he said. “If I was accused of shredding files, I couldn’t respond, ‘Oh look, I didn’t murder my accountant.’ ”

It’s worth considering the philosophy behind why or why not the president could be immune from charges of obstruction of justice. There are valid arguments for why the president should be allowed complete control over a federal investigation, Hemel and Posner write, no matter what. Greater presidential control over law enforcement could mean a greater check on the legislative branch, they write, and his role in deciding law enforcement priorities is an important one. But another important constitutional value holds that no one is above the law, and another asserts a president should not use his authority over law enforcement to suppress political opposition.

As for Dershowitz, he is a more controversial figure than Fox & Friends’ description of him as a “lifelong Democrat” would imply. Dershowitz, once the youngest professor ever hired by Harvard Law School, acquired fame as an attorney for some of the most prominent and controversial criminal defendants in the past five decades, as well as for his books and appearances as a television commentator. Recently, Dershowitz, who supported Hillary Clinton, has become what the Daily Beast described as a “staple of conservative media” as one of the Mueller investigation’s loudest critics.

Per the Daily Beast:

He’s likened the investigation to a KGB hunt, and special counsel Bob Mueller to a notoriously obsessed sailor. It’s made him a Fox News fixture, and that has left some of his counterparts in the legal world baffled and skeptical. But those close to Dershowitz say his vociferous criticism of Mueller’s investigation is the opposite of surprising—and that Mueller and Dershowitz have a history.

The Daily Beast writes that in the early ’90s, Mueller reportedly told Dershowitz and another attorney that “criticism of the [FBI] is a non-starter” when the two attorneys were arguing one of their clients deserved a new trial due to problems with the bureau’s investigation.

Dershowitz has repeatedly argued that the Mueller investigation is a political, rather than legal, tool, and that it is part of a growing trend of criminal prosecutions being used for political gain. However, as Eliason wrote in the Washington Post, the Mueller investigation was formed by Trump’s Department of Justice. Regardless of any liberal enthusiasm or dreams of impeachment, the Mueller investigation is not a political ploy by the Democrats.



http://www.slate.com/articles/life/dear_prudence/2017/11/dear_prudence_i_can_t_comfort_the_teen_who_killed_my_cat.html
Hurt Felines
Get Dear Prudence delivered to your inbox each week by signing up in the box below. Please send your questions for publication to prudence@slate.com. (Questions may be edited.)

* * *

Dear Prudence, 

I live in a close-knit neighborhood. In October, my neighbor’s 16-year-old daughter ran over my family’s beloved cat. She was driving irresponsibly and texting, and she was horrified by what she’d done. I have tried not hating her, and I’ve tried telling myself that there’s always a risk that a cat allowed outdoors will be hit by a car. But I’m angry, and the best thing for me now is to keep my distance from the girl and her family. The parents won’t back off, though. Their daughter is traumatized, and they want me to comfort her. I don’t have that in me. I think this girl is lucky she didn’t strike and kill a person. Is it awful of me to not want to alleviate her emotional turmoil by speaking kindly to her? 

—Cat Killer

This is one of the easiest answers I have ever written. No, it is not awful of you to have no interest in comforting the girl who killed your cat while she was texting and driving. The fact that she feels guilty and horrified is not actually a bad thing. It’s an appropriate response to realizing that your carelessness and inattention led to the unnecessary death of someone else’s pet, and her parents should encourage her to channel those feelings into productive changes to how she drives, rather than an unhelpful spiral of self-loathing. That’s their job. Yours is to live your own life. The next time they approach you, insisting that you have to manage their daughter’s guilt (and what do they expect from you, exactly? To forgive her on a daily basis? To act cheerful so that she can pretend her behavior didn’t negatively affect you?), tell them to stop: “You need to stop bringing this up with me. I’m not available to help your daughter manage her feelings of guilt, and I’m not going to talk about this with you again.”

* * *

Dear Prudence, 

I’m a single woman with a large extended family. I cope with the enormous project of buying Christmas presents by getting them very early. Everyone in my family knows this; it’s the family joke that I have all my presents purchased by Halloween. My brother’s wife, Jean, sent out a group text last week saying they have decided not to exchange gifts with the extended family and would only be getting gifts for each other and their own kids. They have five kids, both together and via previous marriages, so I understand, but would have appreciated more notice. My mom asked what I was going to do, and I said I’d keep the gifts for the kids but return the ones I got for my brother and Jean. Unfortunately, my dad, the family bigmouth, overheard us and told my brother.

This weekend, Jean made a snide remark about how I didn’t understand the “true meaning of Christmas” and how I’m withholding their gifts simply because I’m not getting anything in return. In the moment, I snapped that she doesn’t get to spend my money for me, but on reflection I’m a little afraid she’s right. Would it be petty of me not to give her and my brother the gifts I already bought for them? Or am I within my rights to return them?

It’s entirely reasonable to read “We’re not exchanging gifts this year” at face value and not to assume that what Jean apparently meant was, “We’re not getting anyone else gifts this year, but plan on getting in a few ill-mannered digs if you don’t buy us something anyways.” It’s a shame, too, that your father felt the need to discuss your gift-giving plans with your brother on your behalf. You should tell him that you’d rather he didn’t. Don’t let the fact that he’s known as the family bigmouth (which implies that that’s “just how he is” and everyone else should accept it) make you feel like you can’t ask him not to talk about you to your siblings.

Advertisement

If the rudest thing you said when you “snapped” at Jean was “Don’t spend my money for me,” I have to say I admire your restraint. You can certainly apologize for responding sharply in the heat of the moment, but that doesn’t mean you should apologize for deciding to return the gifts. She told you that they didn’t want to exchange gifts this year, and you respected her wishes. Just because Jean didn’t say what she apparently meant doesn’t mean you did anything wrong.

* * *

Dear Prudence, 

How do I cut off my seemingly well-intentioned family? My whole life, my little sister was the favorite. Growing up, other adults even commented on it to me, which actually helped because it showed me it wasn’t all in my head. On the outside they are a well-meaning Southern family, but to me they are suffocating.

Christmas is particularly painful. At 7, I learned Santa wasn’t real after I received nothing from my (modest) Christmas list, while my sister got everything she asked for and then some. No matter what I asked for, no matter how small, I never got it. I know Christmas isn’t just about gifts, but there’s something especially painful about being asked what I want and then never getting it. I’ve gotten bathroom towels for the past four years while she gets expensive appliances and makeup. I don’t need any more towels. Now our family group text is filling up with outrageous requests (brand-name vacuum cleaners, designer luggage, 4K TVs). I’m frustrated by their selfish demands, seeming indifference to my budget, and disregard for me. They’re like this all year long at every holiday. (“Why can’t you fly home for one day for Easter?” “Why won’t you pitch in for your sister’s birthday present, even though we got you nothing for yours?”) If I somehow got up the nerve to tell them “no” when asked if I am coming home for the holidays, I know there would be tears, fights, and a Southern-style guilt trip. Can I ghost my own family?

—Just Want Out

If it helps, I don’t think your family is well-intentioned at all. Sometimes it can be harder to recognize mistreatment when it’s not delivered angrily, but cruelty with a smile is still cruelty. Worse still is the type of cruelty that denies its own existence, even when you’ve got the evidence in your text message history. I’m afraid I don’t have a conflict-free method for saying “no” to your own family, but I can tell you that your decision to stop spending time with them is a good one that will pay enormous dividends when it comes to your mental health and general well-being. You can’t stop them from getting upset, but you can deny them your participation in whatever fight or guilt trip they want to have. Here’s a sample script that avoids offering excuses:

You: “I won’t be able to make it home for Christmas this year/buy you a custom-made French vacuum cleaner, but have a great time!”

Your terrible family: “You can’t do that! Christmas only comes once a year! Your great-aunt is slowly turning into a maple tree, and this might be our last year with her! We always treat you so well! You’re killing your mother!”

You: “That’s too bad! But I’m not going to be there/chip in for the group gift. It’s just not in my budget. I’m hanging up now—I’ve got to get back to work/make dinner/finish sketching this rare bird I’ve just discovered.”

It will feel counter to every impulse you have, but if your family gets upset when you start setting limits with them (and they surely will; the reason they panic every time you pull away is not because they love your company but because they need you around to serve as a scapegoat and a punching bag), that is not your problem to fix. Remind yourself that you can hang up the phone, even if the relative on the other end doesn’t want you to. They can fume and  argue and lay on the guilt trip, and you can cheerfully deny them access to your decision-making process. You may find a therapist helpful during this period of detachment, especially if you have a hard time remembering your goals and boundaries when you talk to your family. But you can do this, and you are going to feel worlds better when you don’t have to spend your time managing your family’s feelings and expectations.

Dear Prudence LIVE in San Francisco!

See Mallory Ortberg and special guests at the Brava Theater on Jan. 25.
Dear Prudence, 

I have been struggling with my son for a long time and just don’t know how to get through to him. He started out being very impulsive as a young child, not thinking things through, getting aggressive with other children, and not listening. Once he entered grade school, the aggressive behavior toned down significantly, thank goodness, and he appeared to be listening to his teachers. At home is a different story. I’ve been divorced from my son’s father since he was 2½ years old, but up until recently he still maintained contact with him. I attributed many of his behaviors to his father’s leniency and lack of discipline. However, my son is 9 now and no longer has contact with his father, who is a deadbeat.

My son continues to push me over the edge by not listening even though I am very clear on my expectations of him. He struggles with basic tasks like bathing himself properly, brushing his teeth, and flushing the toilet. It doesn’t seem natural that I should have to do these things for him at this stage of his development. He is very clingy for a child his age—he cannot seem to find ways to entertain himself and does not have any consistent friendships with other kids. I get so frustrated that much of the time I resort to yelling and even slapping him. I have also removed toys and privileges, which he has done little to earn back. There has to be some better way of interacting where he understands what is and isn’t acceptable that also doesn’t drive both of us crazy. Please help!

—At Wits’ End

If you get nothing else out of this answer, please know this: It is profoundly cruel and damaging to yell at and slap your child because he is struggling with basic tasks or because he’s emotionally needy. You need to stop that right now. Seek out help and support as a parent working to stop being violent toward her child. There may be anger management groups or classes in your area, and you should take time to educate yourself about the harmful effects of destructive parental anger on children.

You say that you’ve been very clear on your expectations for your son, but clarity isn’t your problem. If your expectation is that a young child will always think things through, always listen attentively, or never act impulsively, then your expectations are unreasonable and set your child up for failure and frustration. Because he can never live up to your adult-like expectations, he likely feels that there’s nothing he can do to please you. Your description of your son breaks my heart, because you’re describing a child who’s already lost his father, who’s clearly not receiving the medical attention he needs to learn more about why he’s not hitting his developmental milestones, and whose only remaining parent is so overwhelmed and angry by his need for support that she punishes him for being unhappy and without resources. Your son isn’t misbehaving. He’s being emotionally neglected and physically abused by his mother. The reason he can’t seem to entertain himself is because he is likely in a constant state of panic and agitation—one of his parents has abandoned him and the other frequently hits and screams at him. The reason he has trouble making friends is because you’re not demonstrating a healthy attachment model he can use as a template for interacting with other children.

Please get him evaluated for developmental disabilities by a medical professional and help him get whatever resources he may need. That’s not to say, by the way, that the behaviors your son has exhibited are necessarily signs that he has a developmental disability. It’s entirely possible they are reactions to his environment. I think you should also see a therapist experienced in working with parents who struggle with anger and control issues. You are responsible for keeping your child safe, for providing him with affection and a stable environment, for modeling appropriate adult behavior, and for making sure he gets timely attention for any medical or behavioral issues, and right now you are failing him profoundly. Please do better, because you’re the only parent this little boy has. He needs you.

* * *

Dear Prudence,

I’m a trans woman who’s been in a relationship with a queer cis girl for a couple years. It has slowly come out that my partner wants to “date people who have vaginas.” She’s told me before that she sees herself as having been historically deprived of the ability to date people with vaginas because society has primed her relationship life to involve “people who have penises.” I feel hurt by this analysis, because I honestly have never seen any societal  forces compelling anyone to date trans people like me. This line of logic also seems disingenuous given that she was raised in a cis lesbian household. I feel hurt and inadequate. When we have conversations about this, the conversation always unfolds with her in the role of the victim. This is a difficult dynamic to escape, because she is better than me at using sound social justice rhetoric. I know people are entitled to their preferences, but I feel betrayed since she concealed this until after we’d fallen in love. Am I taking this too personally? I feel very bad about my body, and my partner has always been the one place I could go to feel like nothing was wrong with it. 

—Just Want to Feel Normal

I’m so sorry your girlfriend said that to you. I’m so sorry that you’ve thought, for even a  minute, that you might deserve or should accept that kind of treatment. I’m frankly shocked that she has any expectation the two of you will continue dating after saying something like, “I’d sure prefer to date someone whose genitals aren’t like yours. Anyhow, what should we get for dinner?” This could not be more personal—you could not possibly take this too personally. I’m not sure what kind of “sound social justice rhetoric” your soon-to-be-ex-girlfriend has employed to convince you that you have to put up with that kind of treatment, but you deserve so much better. If she feels “historically deprived” of a chance to date people with vaginas, the good news is that she will be free to go find some after you break up with her. She cannot possibly be victimized by the reality of your body, and the fact that she has said these things to you, then expected you to stay with her, is enormously cruel. To claim that she has been victimized in choosing to enter into a consensual relationship with you as an adult is absurd. Your girlfriend is not stating a “general preference.” She’s exploiting your own greatest fears and vulnerabilities to convince you that you deserve this kind of cruelty, and she’s wrong. You deserve so much better than this, and her.

* * *

Dear Prudence, 

I recently became good friends with “Absalom” and “Richard.” Richard is queer and nonbinary but very masculine-presenting, while Absalom is a straight cis man. (I myself am a gay cis man.) When we first became friends, Richard and I both developed small crushes on Absalom before we knew his sexuality. We both subtly and innocently flirted with him a couple times. After Absalom offhandedly mentioned he was straight, I backed off, no big deal.

Richard, however, has kept belaboring the issue of Absalom’s straightness in the ensuing weeks—not aggressively, but in a gently teasing way. This would normally not be an issue—I gently tease my straight friends sometimes and Absalom is normally the type to take it in stride—but Richard has also continued the subtle flirting. It’s nothing outrageous or boundary-crossing, but it’s enough that some of our other friends have started to notice. Absalom has repeatedly reiterated—sometimes jokily, sometimes more seriously—that he is straight and even that he’s experimented with men but found that it wasn’t for him. When Richard has brought their intentions toward Absalom up to me, I’ve reminded them of all of this, but I’ve always been dismissed. They’ll say that maybe Absalom just hasn’t found his type or that he needs to broaden his horizons. Prudie, I know that sexuality and gender are a rich and ever-shifting tapestry, but I also believe in taking people at their word. Richard is an otherwise conscientious person, and their behavior hasn’t struck me as alarming or blatantly nonconsensual, but it still bothers me. Absalom is a good sport, but if some of his friends are a little uncomfortable at this dynamic, I’m wondering how he’s feeling about this whole thing. I want to let him know that if he’s uncomfortable he can be clear without being thought of as homophobic or closed-minded (since I know this is an anxiety straight people sometimes have), but I don’t know how to broach the subject with him.

Prudie, do you have any recommended scripts for a) communicating to Absalom that he can talk to me if Richard’s behavior makes him uncomfortable, and b) more effectively communicating to Richard that I value them as a friend but their behaviour is edging toward “not OK”?

—Looking for Straight Talk

Some people really enjoy a mild flirtatious energy in some of their friendships, even (or especially) when it’s clear the flirters in question aren’t compatible or, for whatever reason, don’t plan on getting together, and that’s great. But if you have reason to believe that Absalom might not speak up if he feels uncomfortable for fear of coming across as regressive or closed-minded, then I think it’s a good idea to check in with him. You say Richard hasn’t crossed a clear line so much as raised a few pastel-yellow flags, so keep your tone casual and say to Absalom, “Hey, I don’t want to make any assumptions, but I’ve noticed you’ve mentioned a few times that you’re straight when Richard jokes about the nature of your relationship, and I wondered if you were feeling uncomfortable. If you are, I hope you know it’s OK to ask them to back off, and I’d support you if you said something. If I’m misreading the situation and you’re fine with it, that’s cool too.”

It’s not that there can’t ever be room for flirting or teasing between friends, but if you find yourself regularly endorsing the idea that your friends need to expand their sexual horizons to include you, joking or otherwise, you should probably knock it off.

More Dear Prudence

Singing Praise: Prudie counsels a letter writer who thinks her child can’t—and shouldn’t—sing.
Spectrum of Support: Prudie advises a letter writer whose sister refuses to make special accommodations for her son’s autism spectrum disorder.
He’s Mine Now: My fiancé’s ex-wife calls us her “gay husbands.”
Not Her Only Mom: Prudie advises a mother who wants her adopted daughter to learn the truth about the tragic deaths of her birth parents.
Sexy Claus: Prudie counsels a father who walked in on his daughter while she was having sex with her costumed boyfriend.
Finders Keepers, Cheaters Weepers: I kicked out my terrible ex-boyfriend. Then I found $10,000 in cash that he left behind.
Grandma’s Secret: Prudie counsels a letter writer whose DNA test revealed a surprising history that could disturb a family’s peace.
Very Personal Statement: Prudie advises a survivor of abuse who is trying to avoid oversharing in a grad school application.



http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/the_good_fight/2017/12/the_sheer_cravenness_on_display_in_american_politics_should_make_us_all.html
What We Talk About When We Talk About Donald Trump
The last days have brought plenty of reasons for schadenfreude. Many of my friends seem to be seized by a mood of dizzy excitement. I get why. Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn faces time in jail. Donald Trump may have incriminated himself with yet another impulsive tweet. Impeachment, though still a distant prospect, looks a lot closer now than it did a few weeks ago. If this is not yet the beginning of the end, it may, one day, come to be seen as the end of the beginning.

 Yascha Mounk
YASCHA MOUNK
Yascha Mounk, a lecturer on government at Harvard and a senior fellow at New America, is the host of The Good Fight podcast and the author of The People vs. Democracy: Why Our Freedom Is in Danger and How to Save It.

And yet, I have felt neither excitement nor schadenfreude over the past days. Instead, in one of these strange mood swings of which this year of Trump has been so full, I’ve found myself filled with an even more profound sadness than before.

Sadness that craven liars and chancers like Flynn were—and let’s not kid ourselves, are—in charge of our government.

Sadness that all the evidence of treasonous behavior close to the heart of power seems to have so little bearing on how my fellow citizens feel about the president.

Sadness that run-of-the-mill Republicans who have spent decades worrying about the deficit care so much about giving handouts to billionaires that they are willing to vote for a tax reform that would hugely raise the deficit.

Sadness that Sebastian Gorka was contracted to give speeches at the Heritage Foundation, marking yet another step in the Republican establishment’s surrender to the Trumpkins.

Sadness that about half of all voters in Alabama remain likely to vote for somebody who was banned from a local mall for preying on teens.

Sadness that even the prospect of nuclear war with North Korea—unlikely, perhaps, but far more likely than any nuclear confrontation since the end of the Cold War—does not appear to have focused the minds of all those congressmen and senators on Capitol Hill who, in private, rave and rant about how irrational Donald Trump is.

And sadness, too, that the gravity of this political moment still hasn’t sunk in.

Chaotic and cacophonous though the past two years have been, one lesson from them is painfully clear: Again and again, we all believed that there was some backstop that would avert the next degradation of our political system. Each and every time, we turned out to be wrong. And yet we cling to the belief that backstops remain in place to stop even crazier things from happening: If Trump fired Robert Mueller, refused to accept the outcome of the 2020 election, or launched a nuclear missile at North Korea, somebody would stop him.

It’s possible. If the night appears darkest just before dawn, we are just about due for the sun to rise. And yet, we must at this point ponder the possibility that the self-correcting mechanisms on which we pin our hopes for the future will turn out to be just as illusory as those that have proved elusive in the past. Given the rich range of horrors that could ensue in the coming years, that is a mind-boggling thought.

We should not be particularly confident of how our politicians and our neighbors, our friends and perhaps even we ourselves would act.
But it is another, less tangible thought that has been boggling my mind for the past weeks. It is a thought that will, I know, seem peculiar or even melodramatic to most Americans. But as a Jew who grew up in Germany, it is one to which I had been accustomed since childhood before gradually growing out of it the longer I spent in America and the further the horrors of the Third Reich receded into the past.

The question is this: What would you—and you, and you, and I—do if a murderous government took over? Would we hide its victims? Would we look away? Or would we collaborate? And the answer I have been turning over in my head over the past weeks is: In light of the sheer cravenness we are witnessing all around us, we should not be particularly confident of how our politicians and our neighbors, our friends and perhaps even we ourselves would act.

This comparison seems ridiculous on its face. Trump is no fascist, and nothing he has done in any way resembles the horrors inflicted by the Nazis. Tempting though it may be to liken the most horrible of American presidents to the most horrible of all political leaders, doing so only serves to cloud our understanding of the Nazis and cheapen the memory of their victims.

But in another way, that vast differences between then and now are precisely why the comparison seems even more revelatory. For while Nazi collaborators were complicit in crimes that are incomparably worse, they also had to reckon with dangers that were incomparably more scary. Leading conservatives who resisted Hitler in 1933 faced the prospect of the concentration camps. Leading conservatives who resist Trump in 2017 face the prospect of losing an election or being banished from Fox News. The fact that they are willing to be complicit in much lesser evils for much lesser reasons makes our current political moment all the more grubby; it does not, however, make the moral judgment it implies all that much less depressing.

As a person of the left, it is of course tempting to believe that this cravenness is only found on the right. If people like Lindsey Graham or Paul Ryan are so willing to sell out, isn’t it because their principles have, all along, been rather conformable with those of the president—or, perhaps worse, because they had no principles worth the name to begin with?

There is a large grain of truth to this. But to believe that the right is tempted by authoritarianism because its ideals are self-interested or hierarchical, while the left is immune to such depredations because it cares about freedom and equality, is sadly too simple. After all, perfectly decent people who seemed to hold perfectly admirable principles have, again and again, become deeply complicit with authoritarianism. In the 1950s, parts of the Western left glorified Joseph Stalin; in the 1960s, the Viet Cong and Mao Zedong; in the 1970s, Tito and the Khmer Rouge; in the 1980s, the Baathist regime in Iraq and the Islamist regime in Iran; in the 1990s, the slaughterers in Serbia and the Zapatistas in Mexico; in the 2000s, the dictators of Latin America and the terrorists of Hezbollah; in the 2010s, Bashar al-Assad and Vladimir Putin.

Even the left’s opposition to self-avowed fascism has, as Nick Cohen shows in What’s Left, not been as consistent as we like to think. There is a reason why George Orwell spent World War II wondering which of his comrades would collaborate with the Nazis if they invaded Britain. During the 1930s, George Lansbury, the leader of the Labour Party, had been so opposed to rearmament that he wound up becoming an apologist for Adolf Hitler. (“Hitler,” he raved after meeting him, “appeared free of personal ambition … I wished that I could have gone to Berchtesgaden and stayed with him for a little while. I felt that Christianity in its purest sense might have had a chance with him.”) If history teaches us anything, then, it is that all humans—liberal as well as conservative, British and American as well as German, brown or black as well as white, and Jewish or Muslim as well as Christian—are capable of cowardice and treachery, of hypocrisy and cravenness.

In Nathan Englander’s “What We Talk About When We Talk About Anne Frank,” two women imagine whether their respective husbands would be willing to hide them in case of a second Holocaust. First, Deborah musters her husband. “Of course he would,” she says, and they give each other a tight hug. Then it’s Mark and Shoshana’s turn.

“So would I hide you?” [Mark] says. And for the first time that day he reaches out, as my Deb would, and puts his hand to his wife’s hand. “Would I, Shoshi?”
And you can tell that Shoshana is thinking of her kids, though that’s not part of the scenario. You can tell that she’s changed part of the imagining. And she says, after a pause, yes, but she’s not laughing. She says yes, but to him it sounds as it does to us, so that he is now asking and asking. But wouldn’t I? Wouldn’t I hide you? Even if it was life and death—if it would spare you, and they’d kill me alone for doing it? Wouldn’t I?
Shoshana pulls back her hand.
Fascism: A Slate Academy

Our new series investigates what happened in the 20th century—and whether it’s happening again.
She does not say it. And he does not say it. And of the four of us no one will say what cannot be said—that this wife believes her husband would not hide her. What to do? What will come of it? And so we stand like that, the four of us trapped in that pantry. Afraid to open the door and let out what we’ve locked inside.
Any student of history should be able to recite innumerable cases in which people who seemed perfectly decent in times of political calm turned into grotesque monsters when the storm hit. But because this transformation seems so incomprehensible—because it is so difficult to imagine that the decent people we ourselves know should be capable of similar cravenness—it’s always tempting to reject the idea that these lessons might fully apply to us. Surely what happened there and then couldn’t really happen here and now?

In light of the past weeks and months and years, I fear that the answer is clear. We are very far away from dictatorship. It would take a lot more for the United States to degenerate into civil war, or to turn into a killing field. But if that’s the case, it is because of our affluence and our institutions, not because our political leaders—or our neighbors, or our spouses, or ourselves—are more moral and courageous. And that, at least to me, is one small and elusive part of what we talk about when we talk about Donald Trump.



http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/interrogation/2017/12/a_former_fbi_agent_discusses_trump_s_attack_and_mueller_s_investigation.html
“I Have Never Seen Anything Like This”
Over the weekend, President Trump took to Twitter to rant about the Federal Bureau of Investigation and its former director, James Comey. “After years of Comey,” the president typed, “with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and MORE), running the FBI, its reputation is in Tatters – worst in history!” This was merely a continuation of the president’s attack on the credibility of the Department of Justice and follows the guilty plea of his former national security adviser, Michael Flynn—for lying to the FBI.

To talk about the inner workings of the FBI, and its interactions with presidents and politicians, I spoke by phone with Robert E. Anderson Jr., who served in the bureau for almost 22 years and, by the end of his career, was an executive assistant director in charge of numerous divisions. During the course of our conversation, which has been edited and condensed for clarity, we discussed what’s so unique about Trump’s behavior, the differences in leadership styles between James Comey and Robert Mueller, and why the latter’s case might wrap up sooner than we think.

Isaac Chotiner: Can you describe how you feel when you see tweets like the ones Trump wrote over the weekend?

Robert E. Anderson Jr.: Yeah, I don’t think they are very helpful, especially coming from the president, when you have over 34,000 men and women in the FBI working tirelessly around the world, not just in the United States, to protect our country and the people in it. It’s not great for morale.

Did you ever feel political pressure like this?

No. Well, there is always pressure. I was in charge of Edward Snowden. I was in charge of the Petraeus case and other high-profile cases. There is always pressure when there are high-profile cases. But that’s what we do. That’s what the bureau does. I have never seen anything like this coming from the Oval Office or people around the president. I think this is fairly unique.

When you say there is always some pressure, what form does that take in a normal administration?

Just to try to get results on a case. I will give you the perfect example: Ed Snowden. Here you have a guy that stole probably the most classified data, if not in the history of our country then probably one of the most infamous in the history of our country. At the beginning of those cases there are a lot of unknowns, so trying to get to the bottom of what was taken, how it is going to affect the government and intelligence organizations, you are constantly briefing the Senate, the Congress, the White House, the attorney general of the United States, daily, so there is pressure to get to a resolution in those types of cases. The type of pressure we are seeing now from the Oval Office since Jim Comey’s firing is kind of unprecedented. I have never seen it.

Do you have some sense of how people still at the FBI think Christopher Wray’s tenure is going?

I don’t, but I don’t think it is going badly, or I would hear about it. I don’t know him. I have never met him in my life, which is pretty unusual for how long I was in the organization. But I don’t hear any bad things.

Mueller reportedly removed an agent, Peter Strzok, from his team for exchanging texts with a colleague that spoke negatively of Trump. I wasn’t aware that doing this in private could get agents in trouble. What did you make of this decision?

FBI agents are no different than any other American. They have their own political and economic beliefs. They can vote for whoever they want. A lot of the rules and regulations in and around the bureau is that you really can’t be expressing that on or in the bureau systems, especially when you are on work hours.

I know Pete Strzok very well. He worked for me in many positions over the years. He is probably one of the best counterintelligence agents still in the organization currently. Having said all that though, Bob Mueller has the responsibility to make sure that his investigation is transparent and to make sure that nobody thinks there is a potential conflict within it. So it doesn’t surprise me that he removed him from that investigation to make sure it appeared on its face that there weren’t any conflicts.

If Mueller’s investigation is impeded in some way, or he is fired, or some crazy chain of events all of us have been forced to consider, where do you think that would leave the FBI in terms of its place, and its morale? Is this something people are thinking about?

I don’t think it is anything anybody is thinking about. I honestly would be immensely surprised if all of that happened, especially with where we are now with this whole thing. I mean, if something like that did happen, I am sure it would upset people and make people worried about the future. I just don’t necessarily think that is something we are going to see happen.

I also don’t think that the Mueller investigation is going to [take] years. He is moving very quickly in the direction he needs to go, and it wouldn’t surprise me if it was done sooner rather than later.

Is there some specific development that gives you that sense?

No, just knowing him. I worked for him for the entire time he was the director and have been around him a lot. I think he has one of the best teams ever put together. I know most of the people there, and I think he is moving very quickly off the initial predication of that case, which is collusion with a foreign power. I think he has surprised people about how fast he has gotten to where he is right now, and I think that is going to help. You know what I mean? In other words, when he is done, he is either going to say there is or there isn’t.

I don’t think Manfaort’s trial is starting for months, but you seem to be saying the investigation could still get wrapped up.

I think each one of those are going to be kind of independent. But I don’t think you are going to see in any way this thing slow down at all. I have worked with him and for him for so long on some of these cases that I know how he thinks.

Can he do an interview with Slate?

I think I will let him do what he is doing right now.

How is his investigation different from a normal big FBI investigation? Is it just bigger?

The difference is that he has full authority and doesn’t need to go back to any United States attorney or the DOJ to get permission to acquire certain types of search and information techniques. The FBI, outside of any case like this, has certain approval chains you have to go through to get certain information, whether it is technical or written. So he can move much quicker that way.

And he was also allowed to pick, from basically anywhere in the country, different United States attorneys to come work underneath him. That’s usually not the case. Usually there is one special prosecutor and a lot of junior attorneys. Everyone he has with him is pretty much an expert in what they do. And he has put together a team of criminal, counterintelligence, white-collar crime, and other prosecutors, and they can all look at the different parts of the investigation holistically and give him a clear picture of it.

As Slate’s resident interrogator, Isaac Chotiner has tangled with Newt Gingrich and gotten personal with novelist Jonathan Franzen. Now he’s bringing his pointed, incisive interview style to a weekly podcast in which he talks one-on-one with newsmakers, celebrities, and cultural icons.
You worked for both Mueller and Comey. Can you tell me a difference and a similarity in their leadership styles?

Yeah I actually worked for three directors: Louis Freeh and Bob Mueller and Jim Comey. Bob Mueller is a much more no-nonsense guy. He is very task-oriented and driven. Results driven. He is very much that way. Jim Comey is a great leader, but he is much more laid-back, you know what I mean?

I follow him on Twitter so I sense that.

He is much more laid-back. He very much listens and likes to weigh information and make a decision. Bob Mueller is very much a prosecutor. He wants you to come in and know the facts and if you don’t know, then don’t guess, because he will take your head off. He is just a very regimented leader. Both great men; different leadership styles.
