https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/11/20/islamophobia-is-absurd/
Islamophobia is absurd
“Comrades, do get it into your heads, this ‘lesser evil’ which year after year has been used to keep you completely out of the fight will very soon mean having to stomach the Nazis.” Keep in mind what Bertolt Brecht wrote when considering the current political climate. How is Islamophobia not an absurdity to every living person? Perhaps a glance at U.S. policy would be revealing.
In 2014, military spending was about $1.3 trillion, 32 percent of the federal budget, about the same as the next nine largest-spending countries combined. Five of the top six companies in arms sales are based in the U.S.: Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Raytheon, Northrop Grumman and General Dynamics. You may have seen them at the career fairs. The U.S. advances its geopolitical and economic interests through an imperial, jingoistic foreign policy. The Pentagon’s 2009 Base Structures Report lists 837 bases operating in 45 foreign nations and U.S. colonies. Its belligerency extends from roots in European colonial projects, through manifest destiny and colonial land grabs overseas, to the protracted occupation of Afghanistan, the U.S.’ longest war. Any serious analysis of terror would include this well-documented context. As Noam Chomsky said: “Everyone’s worried about stopping terrorism. Well, there’s a really easy way: Stop participating in it.”
Islamophobia is a manifestation of white supremacy designed to categorize and vilify an assortment of people as one monolithic entity. It is a tool to divide and distract, which we must resist and disarm. These ideas are not fringe; white supremacy and capitalism are the founding principles of a country whose yet-to-be-reconciled legacy is genocide and slavery, theft of land and personhood.
Our campus is no exception. Jingoistic professors George Shultz and Condoleezza Rice, both former Secretaries of State, actively shaped U.S. foreign policy. Shultz was intimately involved with efforts to train and support paramilitary death squads in El Salvador and Guatemala in the 1980s. Rice played a prominent role in misleading the public about the illegal invasion of Iraq in March 2003 and authorizing the CIA torture program post-Sept. 11, 2001. Stanford proudly employs them while clamping down on dissenting voices. H. Bruce Franklin, a tenured professor, was fired in 1971 for publicly urging students to follow their consciences with respect to Stanford’s Computation Center performing calculations for bombing runs during the Vietnam War. We have the class “Hacking 4 Defense” where civilian students develop short-term technological solutions for the U.S. State and Defense Departments, inviting more people to profit off the death and misery of others. Meanwhile, peace and justice studies receive minimal institutional support, and grassroots organizing is marginalized.
The University would rather redirect and diffuse active opposition to sanctioned events, eager to keep to business as usual. Protecting one person’s right to free speech while simultaneously suppressing dissenting voices with threats of force through armed police, academic discipline or legal ramifications is untenable. This limited interpretation of free speech by the University presumes that effective discussion proceeds from select voices monopolizing the microphone. However, not all voices have equal access at and to the University, as inequities in society transpose themselves onto speech, allowing politically and economically powerful voices to squelch dissident ones. How can those humans murdered by U.S.-supported paramilitary death squads, killed extrajudicially via drone strike, shuttled into refugee camps, warehoused in detention centers and prisons or banned from traversing borders exercise speech here? Authority derived from exploitation and societal inequalities cannot uphold an objective policy on speech. We must sharpen our critiques of institutions that stifle dissent while organizing for a society capable of equitably meeting the needs of ecological existence.
As Frederick Douglass told us, “This struggle may be a moral one, or it may be a physical one, and it may be both moral and physical, but it must be a struggle. Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never will. Find out just what any people will quietly submit to, and you have found out the exact measure of injustice and wrong which will be imposed upon them, and these will continue till they are resisted with either words or blows, or with both. The limits of tyrants are prescribed by the endurance of those whom they oppress.”



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/11/20/open-letter-to-the-president-and-provost-on-last-weeks-events/
Open letter to the President and Provost on last week’s events
Dear Dr. Marc Tessier-Lavigne and Dr. Persis Drell,
As a graduate student at Stanford, I would like to voice my concern over recent phenomena on campus and file a complaint against the actions of some fellow members of the Stanford community. Such actions include denying access to a lecture and displaying of the Antifa symbol on academic buildings. It is my opinion that these actions do not befit an institution of learning and intellectual discussions, and may have violated the University’s Policy on Campus Disruptions. I do not seek punitive action against people involved; however, I feel that it would be beneficial if the administration’s position on these particular matters are known to the members of the community.
On the evening of Nov. 14, the Stanford College Republicans organized a lecture given by Mr. Robert Spencer, a controversial critic of Islam. A colleague and I wished to attend the lecture because such viewpoints are rare on Stanford campus and we wanted to evaluate the merit of the speaker’s opinion on our own without being told what not to listen to. However, we were denied entry and were told that the event was full.
Later on, we read in the news that a large proportion of the audience walked out in an organized fashion in the middle of the lecture. While leaving an ongoing event is certainly within an individual attendee’s rights, we believe that doing so in a planned manner by a large group of people at a fully booked event unfairly denies access to members of the Stanford community who are genuinely interested in attending. Such action defeats the purpose of the lecture and prevents the effective carrying out of a University-approved activity and therefore is likely a violation of the University’s Policy on Campus Disruptions. Lastly and very importantly, such action in effect impedes freedom of inquiry and freedom of speech on campus.
You have pointed out in your recent blog that freedom of inquiry and freedom of speech are fundamental to the mission of the University. In addition to that, we believe that freedom of speech is crucial to the functioning of any modern civil society, Western or otherwise. Good opinions should be heard so that they may inspire. Bad opinions should be heard so that they may be refuted. Even polarizing or extreme opinions should be heard in public, so that they do not ferment in private into extreme actions. Dialogue, understanding and compromises are the only antidotes to polarization and extremism.
The actions of the walking-out attendees at the Robert Spencer lecture certainly did not facilitate dialogue, understanding or compromises. Had they instead joined the protesters outside the event or, even better, stayed in the lecture and challenged the speaker during the Q&A session, not only would their opinions be better clarified but more members of the Stanford community would also be included in the dialogue. There was nothing to gain, and everything to lose, by purposely walking out of the lecture as an organized group.
My colleague and I observed and talked to some protesters outside the Robert Spencer lecture, and found them both passionate and civil. We believe that they were voicing what they believed to be true and just. Their protest was therefore not only healthy but laudable. At the same time, however, we have noticed a banner hanging from the window above the lecture room featuring the Stanford logo and the Antifa symbol side by side that, on the next day, was moved to the exterior of the Earth Sciences building (picture attached). We found such a sight extremely troubling, as Antifa has been widely reported to be a group that advocates violence and was responsible for violent offenses in multiple parts of the United States.
While we absolutely defend the right of the person or organization behind the banner to express their own alignment to Antifa, we found such alignment itself morally objectionable. Furthermore, by using the Stanford logo alongside the Antifa symbol, and by displaying the banner on the University’s academic buildings, they have purported to represent the Stanford community, which they by no means have the right to and therefore is nothing but reprehensible.
I hope you find these concerns constructive and helpful.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/11/17/expectations-exciting-challenges-and-burdens/
Expectations: Exciting challenges and burdens
I recently led a discussion in an undergraduate dorm on the topic, “What is your ideal job?” The students were asked to conduct a thought exercise on themselves by imagining a job consistent with their interests, values and experiences. This exercise is a helpful corrective to the tendency we all have to focus on day-to-day concerns and challenges.  Our usual time horizon is the present and the short-term future.
Paying explicit attention in the dorms to longer-term goals does something else. It supplements the fine programs offered by BEAM (Bridging Education, Ambition and Meaningful Work; formerly the Career Development Center) and the Design Your Life Lab. “What is your ideal job?” is an ideal question to pose in dorm-based discussions as a way of linking students’ current lives to their imagined future.
During our discussion, one student said, “I’m told all the time that I should follow my passion. But I don’t have a passion. I have interests. But I feel I’m inadequate because nothing burns inside me.”
The student went on to express concern that she will end up as “an ordinary person.” “I keep hearing about all these great people who are doing great things. But maybe I won’t be one of those people; I’ll just live an ordinary life. How should I handle this problem?”
The student had identified the disabling potential of expectations, especially at a top educational institution like Stanford. What do you, as students here, do with them? How can you distinguish the ones you set for yourself from those you think you should have but don’t, as well as from those that other people have of you? How can you respond to the sense that your goals are not high enough – or that they are too high? In either case, the result can be unhappiness: That you failed to realize your own potential, in the first situation, and that the world has conspired to prevent you from realizing your ambitions, in the second. How can you plan for success if you continually fear the prospect of failure?
An answer, I think, is that it’s possible – and desirable – to couple high life expectations with the realistic understanding that the world “out there” won’t permit us to fulfill many of them. The tension between the ideal and the real should be understood as an “ordinary” part of existence, not as a problem. If the distance between ideal and real becomes too great, one should devise less ambitious “backup expectations.” It’s worth spending some time now considering what they are.
It’s also important not to define unmet expectations as a personal failure. From all that I hear about today’s college students here and elsewhere, anxiety and fear of failure have become  constant, unwelcome internalized companions. The student who spoke had the courage openly to express those feelings. Her expectations had become a burden, quite possibly the last thing she needs or wants.
Adding to the burden, I suspect, was her sense of what her expectations should be, given her presence at one of the world’s most prestigious, pressure-driven institutions, where only the best of the best are admitted. How could she measure up? How could she feel happy and fulfilled in an imagined future of ordinariness, when all around her are peers setting out to do great things?
One response to these questions is that if high expectations have become a burden, they should be changed as well as lowered. You can shift them from career success to the kind of person you hope to be when not in career mode. You can do some long-run planning for being a kind, decent, public-spirited human being. You can set high-quality interpersonal relations as a valued goal, a basis for assessing the worth and impact of your life.
To the extent that your expectations are influenced by an unrealistically positive prediction of what your fellow students are poised to accomplish, you’re adopting a self-damaging as well as inaccurate standard of performance. That standard deserves to be abandoned.
The expectations people set – and those we allow others to install within us – can have remarkable power. They can affect whether we are satisfied or unhappy with our actions. Improperly set, they can ruin our lives. The good news is that we have the power to change them. The potential to use that power is increased when expectations come out of the shadows and are consciously recognized. This is the great advantage of talking about them.
Conversations about the challenges and burdens of expectations should take place in many campus settings. It would help if these conversations were encouraged in the dorms, reinforcing the work of programs explicitly devoted to career and life planning.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/11/15/in-response-to-editorial-board-lets-hold-faculty-to-a-higher-standard-on-sexual-assault/
In response to ‘Editorial Board: Let’s hold faculty to a higher standard on sexual assault’
The Editorial Board seems to believe that allegations equal guilt. In the United States, one is innocent until proven guilty in a court of law. The Editorial Board questions, “Why would Stanford faculty, regardless of knowledge of investigation details, choose to honor without reservation a member … ?” This entire sentiment is accusatory and unjust.
The Stanford Daily article referenced in this editorial has nothing more than student accusations of misconduct. The article states that, in those cases, the accusers did not press formal charges. A University investigation was conducted, which resulted in a two-year suspension. It is not evident that any additional evidence was discovered by that investigation. But if any evidence was discovered, that evidence was not made public, so it cannot be judged as worthy by the public (including The Daily’s editors). It should be noted that a University investigation falls far short of a criminal investigation; the burden of proof is not nearly the same.
This idea that one should be judged based on accusations without evidence places an immense amount of power on any accuser. The Daily’s editors are suggesting that, without evidence, an accuser should keep an accused from prominence. I wonder if the Editorial Board members would agree with the sentiment voiced in their editorial if they were accused of misconduct themselves without any evidence.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/11/14/letter-from-faculty-and-others-regarding-robert-spencer/
Letter from faculty and others regarding Robert Spencer
To President Tessier-Lavigne and Provost Drell:
Stanford University identifies “certain types of free speech [that] are not permitted under University policy — for example, threats of harm that constitute a hate crime, instances of unlawful harassment or speech that disrupts classes or other university functions.” As four brave Stanford graduate students have pointed out in their recent letter in The Daily, Robert Spencer has chosen to engage in exactly those types of speech in advance of the event planned at Stanford. (The four students who wrote this letter are now receiving threatening emails for speaking out about these threats of harm.)
Currently, Spencer’s Jihad Watch website is harassing students, staff and faculty and exposing them to further harm at the hands of “alt-right” trolls. In addition to the student cited in the letter above, Spencer is using Jihad Watch to target Minha Khan, a Muslim student whose essay in the Stanford Review details the impact of this event on her as follows: “I was afraid. I didn’t know what this meant for me, a Pakistani Muslim girl who covers her head.”
On its new “Free Speech” website, Stanford proclaims that “the University stands in full support of its Muslim students, faculty and staff, who are integral to the Stanford community.” Yet Muslim students (and faculty and staff) are reporting the threat created by Spencer’s speech. Who gets to speak for the Muslim community on our campus? Is it Robert Spencer? Is it the Stanford administration? Or is it people like Minha Khan — people who are living with what Islamophobia does at Stanford — and who are clear what this means, as she states: “I do want everyone to know that this event has reminded me that no matter how hard I try, I can never fully belong to the Stanford community.”
This intimidation is not just an individual experience — the Markaz began its most recent newsletter by noting the substantial negative impact of Spencer’s event on the entire Muslim-affiliated community on our campus: “In light of an invitation of a self-proclaimed Islamophobe to campus, many of us are feeling overwhelmed.” The Muslim Law Students Association letter in The Stanford Daily identifies several examples of Spencer “spread[ing] of inflammatory and conspiratorial views of Islam” and “target[ing] Muslims.”
Like the President and the Provost, we “worry about the experiences of vulnerable or silenced populations within our community — those who seek an environment where their identities are welcomed, not challenged by hate or ignorance.” But we see the terms of that “worry” differently. We see this “worry” as entailing a concrete responsibility. Unless we act, we are complicit in perpetuating systems of harm. As we witness Robert Spencer and his Islamophobic incitements to violence target colleagues and students, we believe that we cannot merely be worried. We actually have to enact the values that we claim to uphold.
For us, this means taking seriously the lived experience of the people most impacted by racism, bigotry, hate speech and xenophobia. It also means taking seriously the real threat posed by Robert Spencer and Jihad Watch as he continues to harass our students and colleagues. We would like to point out that Jihad Watch has publicized and mocked an announcement intended for the Stanford community about an anti-Islamophobic event “uplifting communities attacked by Robert Spencer’s Islamophobia.” On Friday, Meyer Green was tagged with anti-Muslim hate speech. On Jihad Watch, Spencer writes, “I’ve just learned that while Stanford has barred non-students from the event, there is room for a small number of invited guests who are not students. If you’re in the area and would like to come, email me at director@jihadwatch.org.” Who will be drawn to campus by Spencer’s publicizing of this event? Who will find his rhetoric compelling enough to take action, knowing that Stanford has lent its credence to Spencer’s ideas? And who is likely to be most impacted by Stanford’s decision to prioritize the “free speech” of Robert Spencer — which rests on toxic histories of White supremacy — over the safety of our community?
We are not talking about a scholarly debate over affordable health care; we fully support the principle of academic freedom that allows us to disagree about issues. We are talking about the fact that Stanford is welcoming, funding and amplifying someone whose basic premise is not debatable, because it is fundamentally dehumanizing. Whenever the claim is made that an identity group is inherently less worthy of full personhood — whether that claim is made about people who are Muslim, Rohingya, Jewish, Black, trans or gender non-conforming, Bosnian, queer, immigrants, Mexican, etc. — it is always unacceptable. We call upon Stanford to recognize the harm that is being done and to take the ethical actions demanded by the Fundamental Standard and the University Code of Conduct.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/11/14/editorial-board-lets-hold-faculty-to-a-higher-standard-on-sexual-assault/
Editorial Board: Let’s hold faculty to a higher standard on sexual assault
Stanford’s Fundamental Standard states: “Students at Stanford are expected to show both within and without such respect for order, morality, personal honor and the rights of others as is demanded of good citizens.” In the years since 1896, the University has expanded on these basic tenets, adding phrases such as “the rights and dignity of others,” “intellectual honesty” and “the integrity of the university as a community of scholars.”
One word that hasn’t changed in the past hundred-plus years is “students.” There exists no similar statement of values for Stanford faculty and staff besides the rigid and somewhat legalistic Code of Conduct, presumably because the expectation that faculty live up to said values should be obvious.
It shouldn’t come as a surprise, then, that we were disappointed to learn of the accusations of sexual assault leveled in the past two weeks against former Stanford professors Franco Moretti and Jay Fliegelman. In the case of Fliegelman, whom Seo-Young Chu M.A. ’01 accused of harassing and raping her during her time here, we were especially troubled to find that even after a University investigation resulted in a two-year suspension, Stanford faculty and staff continued to present an award in his name and passed a memorial resolution by the Faculty Senate after his death in 2007.
This is confusing to us. Why would Stanford faculty, regardless of knowledge of investigation details, choose to honor without reservation a member whose two-year suspension was, according to a University spokesperson, “well known throughout campus”?
The language of the memorial is warm and collegial, referring to Fliegelman as “Jay” and extolling “his remarkable devotion to classroom instruction.” It recognizes his contributions to the English graduate program and notes the “extraordinary” and “unique” character of the “Jayfest” conference put on by his former students in 2007, and at no point does it mention that Fliegelman was once physically banned from Margaret Jacks Hall for a span of two years.
Not all deceased faculty are honored with resolutions in the Senate. Memorials like this, a namesake award — these are specific and intentional actions, and to us, they represent a remarkable hypocrisy on the part of Stanford and its faculty and staff. When a student feels compelled to stay silent for years until the celebration of her assailant becomes too frustrating to ignore, it’s hard to read those quarterly emails reaffirming Stanford’s support of survivors. When an investigation of a faculty member leads to suspension but is never publicly recorded, it’s hard to believe that the University’s release of undergraduate sexual violence statistics represents an honest commitment to transparency.
We acknowledge that Fliegelman was recognized for real achievements and contributions, to his colleagues, his students and his field. It’s difficult to determine the extent to which an academic is — or should be — tied to their work; it’s an important question to discuss, especially in light of the recent wave of allegations against well-known actors, producers and others. But to us, honoring Fliegelman’s “countless hours” spent counseling and mentoring graduate students — who take the lesser, vulnerable role in a hugely unequal power dynamic with faculty — without any mention of his investigation and suspension is incredibly disingenuous.
The American Society for Eighteenth-Century Studies (ASECS) also used to give out a mentorship award named for Fliegelman. After being contacted by Chu in 2016, its executive board voted unanimously to remove Fliegelman’s name from the award and did so immediately, even when no details were public. Stanford has, and has had for many years now, both full knowledge and similar options.
Now that these allegations are publicly known, we ask of the University, its faculty and its staff: Did you make the right choices — ones that reflected intellectual honesty, the integrity of the university and a respect for the rights and dignity of others? Will you, going forward, in this case and others like it?
How do we as students change, when this is the example set?
— Vol. 252 Editorial Board



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/11/13/the-college-republicans-promote-hate-and-disinformation/
The College Republicans promote hate and disinformation
Dear Stanford College Republicans:
We are writing to condemn Robert Spencer’s hateful views and your choice to legitimize them by inviting him to Stanford. Mr. Spencer is a propagandist who promotes fear of Muslims. By having him speak at your “flagship event of the year,” you have thrown your support behind the anti-Muslim policies and discourse that are increasingly accepted within the Republican Party. We respect your right to bring Mr. Spencer to speak on campus; however, we condemn your decision to endorse his bigoted ideology, which targets Muslims, immigrants and people of color across the world, including your fellow classmates and community members here at Stanford.
Mr. Spencer’s anti-Muslim agenda is well documented. He directs a blog called Jihad Watch, which spreads inflammatory and conspiratorial views of Islam[1], and he co-founded the Stop Islamization of America campaign, whose name speaks for itself[2]. Here’s a sampling of his views:
Spencer said that Americans needed to consider “very seriously” the possibility that then-President Obama was a jihadist agent carrying out jihad against the United States.
He stated: “Immigration is a core Islamic principle…. [T]he idea of immigrating to a new place to conquer and Islamize it, and that’s exactly what we’re seeing…. They set up these Sharia enclaves and then because their birthrate is so much higher than that of the non-Muslim population those enclaves will inevitably grow and continue to grow until finally that’s all there is.”
He described as “hogwash” then-President George W. Bush’s statement that Islam’s “teachings are good and peaceful,” because, according to Mr. Spencer, “Islam is the only religion in the world that has a developed doctrine, theology and legal system that mandates violence against unbelievers and mandates that Muslims must wage war in order to establish the hegemony of the Islamic social order all over the world.”
He wrote that “[m]ulticulturalism is a heresy” and that “[d]enigrating and ultimately destroying the Judeo-Christian West” is the “point of the whole multiculturalist enterprise.”
He has repeatedly defended the baseless assertion that at least 80 percent of the mosques in the United States are actually controlled by extremists.
When Justice Elena Kagan was nominated to the Supreme Court, Mr. Spencer said that she would “knowingly and wittingly abet the advance of Sharia.”
He has called into question the existence of ethnic cleansing against Rohingya Muslims by Myanmar security forces, suggesting that “Islamic jihadis and supremacists may be fabricating atrocities against the Rohingya in order to sway public opinion.”
Your group has attempted to justify inviting Mr. Spencer by highlighting that he espouses “beliefs that many of the staff in the White House hold.” You’re right about the White House: As a candidate, President Trump called for a “shutdown of Muslims entering the United States,” and his travel ban aims to make that promise a reality. Unfortunately, it’s not just the White House. For example, the Republican leadership has failed to denounce the anti-Muslim views of Senate candidate Roy Moore, who has referred to Islam as a “false religion” and argued that Representative Keith Ellison should not be allowed to serve in Congress because he’s a Muslim.
In other words, the fact that a Republican president promotes anti-Muslim policies and beliefs is not reason for Stanford Republicans to promote anti-Muslim views on campus. Rather, it is reason for you, as young Republican leaders, to take a stand and steer your party away from the path of intolerance and discrimination.
Confronting Islamist terrorism is one of the greatest challenges of our lifetime. We must better understand and counter extremist groups that have claimed far too many lives. For those genuinely interested in learning more about Islamist terrorism, however, Mr. Spencer has no credibility on the topic. Rather, he has exploited the threat of terrorism to demean and vilify Muslims.
Moving forward, we urge you to use your position of power as representatives of the Republican Party at Stanford to combat — instead of promote — Islamophobia, hatred and fear.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/11/08/a-response-to-advancing-free-speech-and-inclusion/
A response to ‘Advancing Free Speech and Inclusion’
An open letter to President Tessier-Lavigne and Provost Drell:
Yesterday morning, your office published a new Quad Notes post titled “Advancing Free Speech and Inclusion” – in the midst of campus controversy regarding next week’s booking of Robert Spencer, author of “Confessions of an Islamophobe.” This comes, too, in the wake of swastikas and white supremacist Identity Evropa posters appearing anonymously on buildings across campus. In your blog, you acknowledge that our national political moment is one of divisiveness and tension, and that we must “model” “respectful expression,” that “disagreement should not threaten an academic community, it should enhance it.”
Implicit in all of this is the understanding that if our community is threatened, there are limits to the expression we can condone; a line that we should not accept being crossed.
Yesterday evening, that line was crossed. Seven hours after your blog post, the image of a Stanford student – leaked without consent from the student’s Snapchat story and with the username visible — became the centerpiece of an article authored by Robert Spencer on his website JihadWatch.org, an aggregator site on the “violence” purveyed by “the general rubric of jihad” that Spencer claims is “a central duty of every Muslim.” The article contains a video of the student taking down Spencer advertisements and calls the student a “left-fascist,” asking why “Stanford’s fascist community [is] so angry that [Spencer is] set to speak? Are they for the jihad mass murder of innocent civilians? The beating of women? The execution of gays?”
As of this writing, the post remains online, with thousands of potential views of a member of our own community plastered on an alt-right website.
This is dangerous. This is real. And we write this open letter because your blog post misses the point of why students are challenging Spencer’s booking, why this debate is not about free speech or national security – it is about the safety of thousands for whom your administration is responsible.
Your blog post posits acceptable protest as “without disrupting” the speech, missing the point that protest is disruption. Your post cites the Leonard Law that “prevents private universities from placing restrictions on students for speech that is protected by the First Amendment,” eliding the fact that this speaker’s views are antithetical with the very identity of many of our peers, eliding the fact that this speaker isn’t even a student.
You say you “welcome thoughts from the community on other steps the university can take.” But people all over this community have shared their thoughts, have signed petitions, have voiced their concerns – not just against the legitimization of this particular speaker, but against a systemic reluctance. A reluctance to understand the difference between a dialogue, like the universal health care debate you cite, and the providing of a platform for an ideologue whose rhetoric actively makes members of this community feel unsafe. You say you “view this post as the beginning of a conversation,” but the post reads with the finality of a decision that we, the student body, have been stripped of the agency to shape. It’s not a conversation if you throw the Fundamental Standard at us while implicitly condoning a speaker who violates the first clause, “to respect and uphold the rights and dignity of others.” It’s not a conversation if you don’t hear us.
So hear us. Hear us when we say that your post feels like a silencing, not a call to inclusion. Hear us when we say that your post conflates the “controversial” and the “provocative” with the grotesque. Hear us when we question a speaker who is not entitled to the cachet of the Stanford name, and who through qualifications outside of stoking controversy certainly has not earned it. Does the attitude, the rhetoric, the public expressions of this speaker reflect the “sense of mutual respect” you are hoping to encourage within the Stanford community?
And then look at the website. See the face of one of your charges, one of our own, indicted by the court of Robert Spencer on a well-trafficked alt-right page, and know that a blog post that equalizes that with “inclusivity” is a blog post that doesn’t express the principles we know we share, that were written into the Fundamental Standard for over a century: Respect for “morality,” for “the rights of others as is demanded by good citizens. Failure to do so will be sufficient cause for removal from the university” – and that includes those we bring within our home.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/11/08/an-open-letter-to-the-college-republicans-regarding-robert-spencer/
An open letter to the College Republicans regarding Robert Spencer
To the Stanford College Republicans and the wider Stanford community:
Last Sunday, the Stanford College Republicans confirmed that they will be hosting Robert Spencer for their “flagship event of the year” on Nov. 14. The event has received $6,000 of ASSU funding and has been widely publicized across campus and social media. The flyer advertises the event, “Jihad and the Dangers of Radical Islam,” as an “honest discussion” with “renowned author and religious scholar Robert Spencer.” The Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) describes Spencer as an “anti-Muslim propagandist” who, despite his lack of academic training in Islam, has proclaimed himself an expert and claims that Islam is inherently violent. In 2013, the United Kingdom banned him for his extreme anti-Muslim rhetoric. Spencer is also the director of the Muslim-bashing website, JihadWatch, and the co-founder of Stop Islamization of America and the American Freedom Defense Initiative, both of which are classified as hate groups by the SPLC.
Robert Spencer is an established Islamophobe. Islamophobia, more than just anti-Muslim sentiment, is institutionalized through U.S. foreign policy (the ongoing “war on terror”) and immigration policy (Trump’s xenophobic Muslim ban), extending its violent impact on people from and in Muslim-majority countries. Islamophobia does not just affect Muslim Americans and immigrants in the U.S. but also anyone who is perceived as Muslim – this includes non-Muslim Arabs, Sikhs and others. The College Republicans list the FBI, the U.S. Army and the Justice Department under Spencer’s credentials. Governmental support for Spencer doesn’t mean his views are not racist; it only means that the government itself is guilty of Islamophobic policy. As a campus community, we need to combat all forms of racism, including Islamophobia.
Based on our opposition to Spencer, we have two demands. First, we demand that the Stanford College Republicans cancel the event. As a campus committed to inclusivity, we should reject Islamophobia. By bringing Spencer to campus with ASSU funds, the College Republicans are endorsing Spencer’s bigotry with Stanford’s name and students’ money. Spencer’s arguments demonize Islam and perpetuate fear-mongering against Muslims, including Stanford’s own Muslim community and others vulnerable to Islamophobia. The decision to host this event does not establish Stanford as a campus where free speech reigns, but one where hate speech is given a microphone. If we want to talk about the free expression of ideas, we have to acknowledge the very real consequences of rhetoric like Spencer’s and the role that hosting him at Stanford plays in reinforcing institutional support for him and the status quo, which is Islamophobic.
We support Stanford students’ rights to free speech, but not at the expense of Stanford’s commitment to academic integrity and respect for its students. Bringing a speaker who has proclaimed himself an expert despite having no training discredits not only the organizers but the school as a whole. None of the material Mr. Spencer has published has been peer-reviewed, nor would it hold up to the standards of published research from our institution. And while there is a place for non-scholarly voices at Stanford, there is no place for unsubstantiated hate speech. Stanford’s Fundamental Standard expects students to “respect and uphold the rights and dignity of others” and to “uphold the integrity of the University as a community of scholars in which free speech is available to all and intellectual honesty is demanded of all.” Spencer’s presence on campus violates these basic community principles, and his platform endangers Stanford students. Just last night, Spencer published a blog post on JihadWatch targeting a Stanford student who took down his posters and thus exposing him to his readership. The College Republicans need to ensure that the speakers they invite will not cause potential harm to their peers. Furthermore, if they wish to host a speaker on these issues, they should respect the integrity of our institution and intelligence of their audience.
Second, if the event is still held, we ask that the student body, faculty and the Stanford community boycott the event in solidarity. While some might be inclined to attend, taking part in this event will only legitimize his presence on our campus. The decision to attend is not a neutral one. Even if you are critical of Spencer’s views, we ask that you do not engage with him, because engaging in a conversation about Islam with a known Islamophobe is a contradiction. The tenets of Islam are not up for debate by someone who has no formal training in the religion and whose beliefs inform policy that targets Muslims at home and kills Muslims abroad. Robert Spencer has bolstered this racist foreign policy by linking a religion (Islam) to national security, incorrectly alleging that the lives of Americans are threatened by all those who are linked to Islam. Attending this event to learn about U.S. foreign policy validates the premise that a religion can pose an inherent threat to national security. We need to separate religion from matters of national security. If students want to learn more about Islam, the Markaz Resource Center, the Muslim Student Union and religious studies courses are all valuable resources.
A petition was sent out last week, garnering over 900 undergraduate signatories opposing the use of student fees towards a speaker “who is actively hostile to a large and valued segment of our campus community.” The petition was the first step towards a referendum that would give the student body the ability to vote on the funding appropriation and overturn it if it voted to do so. While some of the funds have already been spent and it is unclear if it will be possible to retract funding, the number of petition signatories and this coalition of over 20 groups indicate widespread opposition to this event.
For any questions or if you would like to get involved in a community response, please contact stanfordagainstislamophobia@gmail.com.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/11/07/the-obscenity-of-david-shaws-salary/
The obscenity of David Shaw’s salary
David Shaw is, with little opposition, the greatest football coach in Stanford history. Closing in on his seventh full season on the Farm, Shaw’s teams have won 77.7 percent of their games (70-20), gone to six straight bowl games (and won four of them), claimed three Pac-12 titles and sent a drove of players to the NFL. Compare this with recent eras of Stanford football — including a seven-season stretch from 2002-08 when the Cardinal went 25-55 — and Shaw’s success is brought into greater focus. His goal-line play-calling and personnel decisions at the quarterback position may be routinely questioned, but Stanford has never had better than David Shaw.
And he’s paid like it, too. University tax return forms released this summer show Shaw was credited with $5,680,441 in total compensation during the 2015 fiscal year. His pay has more than doubled since data on his salary became available several years ago, and his 2015 compensation represented a $1.5 million raise from 2014. He is the highest-paid Stanford employee by nearly $2 million, receiving in 2015 more than double what the President and Provost made — combined.
These numbers may offend those who believe athletics have corrupted the academy. The bigger obscenity about Shaw’s salary, though, is this: Shaw adamantly opposes granting Stanford’s players the same free market for their services that netted him one of the richest coaching deals in all of college football.
In a 2014 interview with Fox Sports, Shaw toed the party line, stating that athletes should not be paid and “[giving] them their living at the University” would “not [teach] the proper lessons.” The context of Shaw’s comments is important: They came just weeks after the trial in the O’Bannon v. NCAA case — which would ultimately hold the NCAA accountable to the nation’s antitrust laws — and while the Northwestern football team’s unionization push was still ongoing.
First, let’s get our terms correct: If the industry-wide wage cap players currently face were lifted, either by the courts or the NCAA itself, athletes would not be “given” anything. They would earn it after 50-plus hours per week of practice, meetings, travel, lifting and weekly games that subject players to substantial health risks, including traumatic brain injury. They would earn it after honing their football skills and personal brands for years. They would earn it after acting as marketers for their universities and walking billboards for apparel companies likes Nike, Adidas and Under Armour. “Given” implies that players are the unworthy recipients of a school’s beneficence. To be clear: There is nothing benevolent in conspiring to hold down athletes’ wages or refusing to acknowledge a duty to protect their health or ensure educational quality.
And those “lessons” Shaw is hesitant to instill in his players? Among others, they are these:
Recognize when your skills, talents and labor have economic value, and seek that value.
Be paid a fair wage for the work you perform.
Work hard, become excellent and prosper.
But these maxims are championed in every other corner of campus. Stanford’s coders can earn tens of thousands every summer at tech internships. Student writers, artists and even Olympic athletes earn money off their own work — and no one rails against their ability to profit off their skills while in school. Shaw himself caved to the great corruptor he seeks to safeguard his players from — the almighty dollar — when he signed a contract extension nearly five years ago that has made him the second-highest-paid football coach in the Pac-12 conference.
Not that Shaw’s hypocrisy is surprising. He himself benefits from his players’ economic disempowerment: Economists have concluded that, in the current setup, money that would otherwise be paid to athletes under an open market is funneled into coaching salaries and facility construction. If college players were to have access to market-driven pay, it is likely that coaching salaries would be reduced and the money transferred back to the athletes. Facing those economic consequences, it is no wonder Shaw, Stanford athletic director Bernard Muir and others in the industry so vehemently defend the status quo.
So, yes, in terms of football coaching, Stanford may have never had better than Shaw.
But in terms of athletes’ rights, it has also never had worse.


https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/11/03/editorial-board-students-deserve-more-definitive-response-from-renaming-committee/
Editorial Board: Students deserve more definitive response from renaming committee
In March of last year, the ASSU Undergraduate Senate and Graduate Student Council passed a resolution requesting that the University rename all places on campus that bear the name of Junipero Serra, the Spanish missionary who created and led the California mission system.
At a Faculty Senate meeting that same month, former President John Hennessy and former Provost John Etchemendy announced the formation of a committee to “establish principles for reconsidering and renaming campus streets and buildings, and to apply those principles first and foremost to places that honor Junipero Serra.” By May 2016, the committee was already soliciting campus-wide suggestions for guiding principles in its renaming discussions.
However, as The Daily reported two weeks ago, this committee has quietly shifted its focus to formulating general guidelines for future renaming discussions, with no guarantee of a recommendation on Serra.
This move represents a failure in communication and a hindrance of necessary and important action — responding to student activists’ valid concerns — through bureaucratic red tape. The controversial nature of Serra has been recounted many times, both in our publication and others. Regardless of your personal stance on the man whom Pope Francis canonized in 2015, you can’t deny that, when taking into account Serra’s potentially problematic treatment of Native Americans as well as his lack of any direct contribution to the University, a request to consider the issue deserves an adequate reply.
Although the committee never promised to immediately rename all buildings invoking Serra’s name, this announcement came with zero warning to those involved in the initial push for renaming, and it failed to deliver any long-term solution. Actually renaming buildings seems to have been removed completely from the table, replaced by vague promises of future guidelines. Moreover, communication within the committee is reported to have been minimal at best, with holdups blamed on summer breaks and faculty drop-out.
We recognize the importance of carefully crafted long-term guidelines, especially when deliberating over unprecedented and long-lasting changes on campus that come with a certain amount of controversy. But committees charged with such tasks don’t have to be so inefficient and, for lack of a better word, bureaucratic.
Here we point to the success of the long-range planning initiative, intended to produce a large number of equally long-lasting changes. The long-range planning groups have not only successfully collected thousands of ideas from community members, but they have also aggregated each and every one of these ideas into “white papers,” and are expected to release those papers on deadline. Long-range planning, like renaming, has major implications for Stanford’s future. But in this case, the administration has remained committed to transparency and community involvement, even in the planning stages. This is how you build community and, more importantly, maintain trust between students and the administration.
We call on the renaming committee to share its progress and set a firm timeline on delivering its recommendations and acting on them. When the University declares nearly two years into the process that it can’t deliver, it destroys the fragile trust in a relationship that is already inherently unequal. Delaying the issue won’t make it go away, and students deserve answers.
— Vol. 252 Editorial Board



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/11/02/stranger-in-a-queer-land-in-response-to-strange-queers-queer-strangers/
Stranger in a queer land: In response to ‘Strange queers, queer strangers’
Last night I sat in the Terra dining hall and discussed “Strange queers, queer strangers” with a few friends — not just any friends, queer friends. I have many — and contrary to the stereotypes splashed throughout The Daily these days, not all of us are shrill radicals or “sexual nihilists” or self-destructive Grindr torsos.
We distilled “Strange queers” into a few key arguments. Aside from not knowing that Scylla is the phallic one (Charybdis is the whirlpool — thanks, SLE!), the writer believes that Stanford is sharply divided between glittery aestheto-political extremists and macho-masochistic biotech bros. As such, he can’t seem to find anyone he doesn’t immediately disdain. Though homosexuality was once a charm, it has tragically become passé, second to his identity as a “morbidly brooding young man.”
Perhaps, emptied of all their anecdotal fluff, those arguments ring hollow. But doesn’t it seem reductive to divide the entire queer community into, well, a binary? And doesn’t the derision towards “self-hating gays” seem poorly placed amongst otherwise glowing praise of our fellow gays? Some genuine points of bitterness poke through the pomp: There is no queer community here, broadly defined. And despite the proliferation of queer people across campus, the population seems incorporeal, decentralized, inert.
Like the author of “Strange queers,” I grew up in South Carolina. I went to a Catholic school near Charleston, where I realized I was gay — to my chagrin — at age 12. Like the author, I went to boarding school — but I went to Connecticut, and specifically to come out of the closet. It was the right thing to do, but never once at a fairly large school were there more than three of us at once. Unlike the author’s, my experience in all-male dorms was unrelentingly lonely.
So when I came to Stanford, to California, I came to find my people. And in a strange twist of fate, I did not. There are more queer people on campus than I could ever have imagined. There are queer people in every every dorm and every classroom. But you’d never know it.  Like the author, almost all of them are wrapped in a layer of straight society. For every glitzed-up queen and muscled mafioso on campus, there’s a crowd of completely disengaged queers for whom their sexuality is barely descriptive, let alone definitive. Sheltered and decadent, desensitized to their precarious status, they’d sooner identify as “morbidly brooding young men” than members of a globally persecuted minority. And in times like these!
I eventually made queer friends at Stanford. Many of them. The key was being open to people who aren’t carbon copies of myself. I stumbled into Terra sophomore year and learned a whole lot from people I very often disagree with. For a guy who never once questioned his gender, was it hard using they/them pronouns? Yes. Did it hurt? No. I also made friends with some “low-key gay” and questioning guys. I’ve been sure of my sexuality for nearly a decade — talking to people who still don’t know these things blows my mind. It’s hard dismantling internalized homophobia, but looking back on the way I felt in seventh grade, I understand why they’re hesitant to dive in headfirst. It’s a privilege to be part of that process for someone, and I assure you your disdain makes it no easier.
There’s a hurting under “Strange queers,” and I feel it myself. I know a smattering of queer people, and I wish more than anything we were a part of something bigger — I’d love to have a gay network broader than the nearest 50 Grindr accounts. There are precious few queer social clubs not further defined by racial/ethnic/gender/departmental parameters, and the lack of communication across them is a colossal waste.
Our writer came oh-so-tantalizingly-close to that — but then he missed. He doubts that a gay community ever really existed beyond “political action” (a weird way to spell “our freedom”), and laments that as a “morbidly brooding young man” (sorry, I can’t help myself!) he doesn’t fit any of the “molds” anyway. To be completely fair, there’s no Stanford Dead Poets’ Society — as far as they’ve let me know — but rather than channel this frustration into action, he takes it out on the happy queers with whom he so tragically can’t relate.
How horrible — how selfish, really! — to blame his own loneliness on people he only deigns to know. Is it the responsibility of my haute communist friends to dress down for your mom? Does it fall to the macho frat dudes to join your book club and be more “interesting” for you? Maybe the lack of a Gay Dead Poets’ Society is the fault of the absent Poets themselves.
That’s not to say the type is new. For every “fairy” sacrificing a career and a family to live in meatpacking districts, there were dozens passing through, enjoying themselves and melting back into society. So many at Stanford live in recently captured territory, living life out and proud, yet want nothing to do with the people who once held the line to make such a lifestyle possible. Those who can afford to leech off the hard-earned winnings of the queer community without the steep social costs always do.
What nerve, then, for people with no intention of creating communities for themselves to bemoan their absence! As if there aren’t countless ways to meet queer people of all stripes and persuasions here; as if Terra doesn’t have weekly social and educational events for anyone who wants to come; as if the Q-Spot isn’t constantly looking for queer events to fund! What nerve!
The Stanford queer population dwarfs the queer community. That’s not the fault of the people who try. If your Scylla and Charybdis were real, here at Stanford they are miles apart, and the bodies floating in open ocean are dead only for a lack of swimming. To blame your own self-serving disengagement on those living most visibly is remarkably — morbidly — lazy.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/10/26/why-is-hillel-at-stanford-supporting-an-islamophobic-group/
Why is Hillel at Stanford supporting an Islamophobic group?
The Stanford Israel Alliance recently invited Reservists on Duty, an organization of Israeli Defense Forces reserve soldiers infamous for its virulent Islamophobia and anti-Arab racism, to present an event at Stanford Hillel last Monday, Oct. 16. This group of foreign soldiers tours U.S. college campuses with the explicit goal of opposing student activism for Palestinian rights.
Over the course of a week in May this year, members of Reservists on Duty engaged in a series of racist and Islamophobic attacks against Palestinian activists and allies at UC Irvine. These adult Israeli soldiers, in their verbal tirades against the group of students, repeatedly equated Islam with terrorism. They wore shirts that read, in Arabic, “Israel is the only candle in a region of darkness.” One soldier threatened a student in Arabic, saying, “You want me to stick it in you, don’t you?” They told a Jewish student demonstrating in solidarity with Palestinians to remove his kippah because he was not a real Jew. They recorded and videotaped students without permission and threatened to leak their personal information to Canary Mission, a website that aims to sabotage the careers of students and faculty who support Palestinian rights. One camera operator even physically assaulted multiple students, shoving one and knocking a protest sign into another’s face.
In the aftermath of these events, Reservists on Duty spearheaded a smear campaign against the brutalized students, claiming that they were the victims of anti-Semitic bigotry. Six organizations, including the Center for Constitutional Rights, the National Lawyers Guild and Palestine Legal, wrote a letter to the UC Irvine administration demanding that UC Irvine take action to protect Palestine-solidarity activists after these attacks.
It is deeply irresponsible for a Stanford student group to consider hosting a group of soldiers with this demonstrated history of violence on college campuses. Under pressure, the Stanford Israel Alliance canceled the original Reservists on Duty event last Sunday, Oct. 15. Yet, last Monday afternoon, Hillel released an email announcing that the event would be taking place at the Chabad House, another organization that serves the Jewish community at Stanford. Hillel endorsed the event in an email, referring to Chabad as Hillel’s “off-campus partner” and encouraging students to join Hillel Executive Director Rabbi Jessica Kirschner in attending the event.
Two of the Reservists from the UC Irvine delegation were present at the Chabad House. The speakers engaged in what has become normalized rhetoric in pro-Israel communities: lionizing Israel and its accomplishments and claiming that nonviolent movements to boycott Israel are anti-Semitic. Blatantly Islamophobic rhetoric prevailed without reproach. One of the reservist delegates, Dema Taya, claimed that Arab women who live in countries other than Israel “are afraid to talk, because maybe in this primitive ideology, her husband or her brother or her father doesn’t allow her to.” She described Israel, England, the United States and Canada as “the good civilization” with “the nice behavior” and claimed that the reason that majority-Arab countries do not have democracy is because “their government is also Arab.”
Hillel is a community center meant to serve the Jewish community at Stanford and be a welcoming space for all Stanford students. It is unacceptable for Hillel to promote and endorse a group known for its verbal and physical harassment of Arab and Muslim students and their allies. Hillel’s Rabbi Kirschner even admitted at the conclusion of the event that Hillel was aware of concerns for student safety around hosting Reservists on Duty. Still, she thought it was “wonderful” that the event happened and promised her support in hosting Reservists on Duty at Hillel in the future.
As Jews, it is particularly distressing that two major campus organizations that serve the Stanford Jewish community worked together to organize this event. We, Jewish Voice for Peace, demand that Stanford Hillel and Chabad issue a public apology to the Stanford community for actively endorsing a group that promotes Islamophobia, anti-Arab sentiment and hateful rhetoric that threatens and terrorizes our communities at Stanford and beyond.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/10/24/su-prison-divest-in-response-to-the-board-of-trustees-letter-to-the-editor/
SU Prison Divest: In response to the Board of Trustees’ letter to the editor
Last week, Stanford’s Board of Trustees (BoT) released a letter to the editor defending its failure to divest from private prisons. Their statement focuses on technicalities and obscure bureaucratic processes. In this discussion, we must remember people’s lives are destroyed for profit. The Board’s statement ignores the core of this issue: Stanford profits off the real suffering of real people.
We, concerned students, refuse to accept Stanford’s continued investment in and support for the prison industry.
Why should we divest?
Divestment from the prison industry means selling all investments in all companies that support the prison industry. Though Stanford doesn’t directly invest in prison operators, it still indirectly invests. Companies like AT&T and Walmart source prison labor, paying prisoners under $2. These companies make prisons profitable and lobby for harsher sentencing laws that expand the prison industry. In the U.S., 2.2 million people are currently imprisoned — a 700 percent increase over the past 30 years. This influx directly results from state collusion with private corporations.
With its failure to divest, the Board institutionally perpetuates this system of violence, dehumanization and modern-day slavery that harms marginalized communities, including Black, Brown, Indigenous, poor, undocumented, disabled and LGBTQ people.
Impact of divestment
In the letter, Board member Gail Harris claims SU Prison Divest called for shareholder engagement rather than divestment. Pages 9-13 of our proposal, however, directly call for divestment. The Board’s response ignores our divestment demands.
Since Stanford is a private institution that doesn’t disclose its investments, the Stanford community has no way to spearhead shareholder engagement. Additionally, historically, shareholder engagement effects change neither as fast nor lasting as divestment.
Stanford’s role as a world leader means that its words are loud, but its money speaks much louder. Its shareholders’ power is dwarfed in comparison to its power as a leader in the community. With its investment, Stanford signals its belief that this violent, racist system should continue to exist. “Divestment is not a magic bullet, but it is a powerful tool to challenge the status quo of placing profits over people.” Stanford’s divestment would serve as a powerful statement and tool to educate the greater community on what people believe is acceptable to invest in.
What have we done up to now?
Following Stanford’s protocol for initiating divestment, students submitted research on prison investments to Stanford’s Advisory Panel on Investment Responsibility and Licensing (APIRL). The Board’s letter fails to mention that APIRL “concluded that five public companies [that provide prison services] met their direct social injury threshold.” Yet, no action was taken. The Board overrode the very process that Stanford insisted students follow.
Stanford has forced our hand
We’ve exhausted Stanford’s existing channels for change. The Board’s letter said that it will reexamine its statement on investment responsibility and solicit community input. What was SU Prison Divest’s proposal if not 24 pages of community input? We refuse another stagnating bureaucratic tactic, disguised as “community input,” that drains people power and slows change. This purposeful strategy of intentional delay distracts from Stanford’s continued investment in violence. Other channels must be employed.
We dropped a banner at the Homecoming football game to force Stanford to listen to us, an intersectional coalition of its own students. We flyered and protested Homecoming Weekend events to build far-reaching support and involve alumni, many of whom condemn Stanford’s decision. We will continue to resist mass incarceration and the exploitative criminal justice system. We demand change.
***
The Board claims to “respect the desire of students to shine a light [on the issue of private prisons].” If the Board respects students, it would not invest in a system of mass incarceration that threatens its own students’ communities. We will continue to “shine a light” on the Board’s failure to divest.
We tried Stanford’s bureaucratic process and the Board didn’t listen, leaving us no choice but action. Stanford tells us we can change the world for the better, but to do so, it funds our education with investments that hurt the communities we come from.
Our communities cannot afford to wait for the system to change itself. Financial support is a choice: a choice to support the incarceration of millions for profit. It is unconscionable for the University to profit off human suffering. Sign this petition to stand with us.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/10/16/the-future-of-meat-and-leather-is-here/
The future of meat and leather is here
Let’s face it: Stanford is known to be a so-called techy, futuristic university, with most students and faculty members very interested in creativity and innovation in any field. From engineering and the physical sciences to the humanities and social sciences, at Stanford we care about the impact we can make on this planet; we want to create a better world, whatever this vague term might mean.
I study environmental engineering and science, but as opposed to most of my classmates, who are very interested in water-related issues, I am very interested in the intersection between agriculture and technology, human and animal rights. I want to find ways to reduce the environmental impacts of the livestock and farming industries without compromising the need for food production and employment.
Either through classes, guest lectures or even the dining hall announcements, I assume that almost everyone has heard of Stanford’s efforts to serve more locally and sustainably produced food. Additionally, most of you have probably also seen or even tried plant-based meats, such as the Impossible Burger by Pat Brown, a former Stanford professor — when will we have the Impossible Burger at Stanford? — and the majority of you might also know something about clean meat, also know as cultured meat.
Clean meat is generated via cellular agriculture. We take a few cells from a cow through a biopsy and grow them in a petri dish to produce the same type of beef patties that you regularly eat. Similarly, we can take a few chicken or fish cells to make chicken fingers or fish filets. Two of my good friends from Stanford are in fact working at two different startups in Silicon Valley dedicated to this technology.
I find cellular agriculture fascinating, and I encourage everyone, regardless of major or profession, to admire the great potential that lies in this field. We can, for example, employ the same type of technology to create clothing and accessories. Surely there are already startups that use pineapple leaves or mushrooms, amongst other materials, to manufacture clothes, bags and wallets, but cellular agriculture can equally be employed to produce, for example, cultured leather.
Cultured leather looks just like genuine leather, so you would still be able to show off a nice leather jacket or bag when going to class — with the huge difference that your jacket or bag, just like cultured meat, did not require one single cow to die. And think of the resources saved when growing leather or meat in a lab. Since cultured leather and meat don’t require a calf to grow into an adult cow, they also require considerably less land and water and produce much lower greenhouse gas emissions than leather or meat obtained from a fully grown cow. Additionally, cultured leather does not have any scars or insect bites on it, and it can be grown directly into the shape of a bag or wallet through a process called “bioprinting.”
Finally, this cellular agriculture technology is not only applicable to cows and leather. For those of you passionate about wildlife conservation and management, think about the following: If rhinos are being killed for their horns and elephants for their tusks, we could definitely employ cellular agriculture to avoid poaching because we could grow keratin or ivory in a lab.
Those still unsure about their future careers, a quite common phenomenon here at Stanford, could consider a career dedicated to environmental conservation and animal protection through cellular agriculture and bioprinting. These fields have a whole lot more potential, and some of you might be able to come up with even more innovative ways to employ these technologies to solve global problems we are facing today.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/10/09/mecha-in-solidarity-on-the-third-anniversary-of-ayotzinapa/
MEChA: In solidarity, on the third anniversary of Ayotzinapa
On Sept. 26, students from across campus joined to commemorate the third anniversary of Ayotzinapa, a metonymy for the disappearance of 43 students after an attack in Iguala, Guerrero, Mexico.
On that day in 2014, students from Ayotzinapa were on their way to Chilpancingo, Mexico City to commemorate the anniversary of the 1968 Tlatelolco massacre. The students had commandeered several buses to get to Mexico City and raise funds for their travel. On their way to Iguala, police surrounded three buses and opened fire. Students fled for safety and others attempted to hide by lying on the ground. By the end of the attack, six students were killed, 25 were wounded and 43 would be declared missing.
Mexican authorities have blamed municipal officials and the Guerreros Unidos drug cartel for allegedly incinerating the 43 bodies; however, no such scientific evidence has provided support for this explanation, and review of state and federal records reveals inconsistencies in the state’s investigation. Many conflicting theories point to government corruption as the true blame for the attack. Fue el estado (“it was the state”) is often shouted by protesters and victims’ families.
The demonstration this year, organized by MEChA de Estánfor, a Latinx activist group on campus, involved the holding of 43 posters, each featuring the face and description of a disappeared student, around the Claw in White Plaza. The demonstration was intended to mourn and honor the disappeared 43, but it was also a call to the Mexican government. Three years after the attack, the government has yet to provide a truthful explanation of the students’ disappearance. The chant vivos se los llevaron, vivos los queremos (“alive you took them, alive we want them”) is a refusal to sit idly by while the government attempts to move on. It is a refusal to simply accept that these students are dead, that they’ve joined the countless victims of Mexican state violence. It is a cry of hope.
This cry of hope, however, goes beyond calling for the safe return of los 43. Ayotzinapa is but one instance of the state-sponsored violence that occurs throughout Latin America and within the United States, and it should not be discussed as singular. In an effort to expand this conversation, MEChA also hosted a screening and discussion of “Which Way Home,” a documentary that speaks to the violence against Central American unaccompanied minors that is promoted by the Mexican and U.S. governments. Last Wednesday, we organized Rezando por justicia, a candlelight vigil where folks gathered to talk about, pray for and mourn the lives lost due to state violence.
We, as MEChA de Estánfor, felt compelled to respond and bring attention to the events at Ayotzinapa, because as students and rising educators, los 43 are similar to us in more than age. They aspired, fought and worked for a more just world, a world free from state-imposed violence and terror, violence that always threatens the most vulnerable among us first.
We see this violence all across our homes in the Americas. Historically, in the Atlantic slave trade, mitas and encomiendas that enslaved and brutalized our African and Indigenous foremothers and all the pain and divisions those continue to cause between us. We see this violence all the way up to contemporary history, with the forced sterilizations of Quechua-speaking women in Peru under Fujimori and the eugenics Law 116 imposed on our boricua siblings by the U.S. government. We see it over and over again with despotic regimes like Pinochet in Chile and Trujillo in the Dominican Republic killing thousands of our siblings and foremothers who dared to call for justice, who dared to rise up against oppression and who faced brutal retribution at the hands of corrupt governments, often backed by the violent force of the U.S. military and government.
We see state-sanctioned violence in the systematic disenfranchisement of our bodies, in the profit made off the labor of our siblings and parents in fields, restaurants, universities and hospitals while criminalizing their labor and demonizing their bodies for political gain. We see this violence in the policies that militarize the border, directly leading to thousands of lost lives, including those of migrant children, and in the barbarity with which agencies like ICE or militarized police forces attack our communities and our hermanxs. It is with this context that we recognize Ayotzinapa as a symptom of a larger pattern of multifaceted state-imposed violence. It is with this context that we honor the thousands of victims of state violence across our homes in the Americas. It is in this context that we commit ourselves to uplift our communities and to keep Ayotzinapa alive.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/10/08/on-free-speech-and-engagement/
Editorial Board: On free speech and engagement
As we return from the summer, some of the most talked-about news events have brought back into national focus a number of issues that have long dominated discussion on college campuses.
Violence broke out after white supremacists marched onto the University of Virginia campus in Charlottesville, and a counter protestor was killed in a car attack during a rally nearby the next day. A Google engineer was fired after publishing a memo criticizing the company’s diversity policies and suggesting that biological reasons were to blame for the gender gap in tech. UC Berkeley student groups’ on-again, off-again plans to host Milo Yiannopoulos have brought the issue of controversial speakers and violence on college campuses back to the forefront.
While each of these events sits in its own context and its own web of complex questions, they all raise the question of how institutions express their values. Free speech and expression of opinions is of fundamental importance to democracy, and as such, individual free expression is generally under strong legal protection from the American government. But the speech of institutions is much more complicated: How and when should they take stances on their values, and what obligation do they have to provide a platform for the expression of their constituents — or employees, or users, or students?
As a newspaper, we have — and always will have — a duty to defend free speech, but we also recognize that we bear a certain responsibility in promoting speech that is constructive and useful. To that end, here are some of our thoughts on how institutions — including Stanford — might best express their values.
Scope of influence matters. The more power and influence an institution has, the more it needs to carefully consider the stances it takes and the ways in which it expresses those stances. The stakes are high, whether for a web hosting company deciding whether to allow hate groups to easily and cheaply establish themselves on the internet or for a university deciding whether to give or refuse to intentionally controversial speakers the same stages given to Nobel recipients. Public stances set norms. When President Trump, for example, declined to condemn white supremacist groups when addressing the events in Charlottesville, he sent a message heard not only across America but around the world.
Here on campus, given the leading role Stanford has established for itself in higher education, both administrators and students should recognize that every public stance taken — on issues ranging from racism to sexual assault to fossil fuels — can be enormously consequential and should be carefully thought out.
Institutional history matters. No one can be expected to take a clear stance in every single debate. But public statements and actions are always in historical context, and for an institution to speak or act without consideration of its own history is just careless.
We should expect UC Berkeley to have taken into account its role as the birthplace of the free speech movement of the 1960s when deciding to alternately host and cancel Yiannopoulos on its campus, just as we should expect Google to have considered the tech industry’s history of gender inequity when firing James Damore. Earlier this year, Georgetown decided to explicitly address the role of slavery in its survival by offering preferential admission to the descendants of slaves sold to fund the school, as well as creating a memorial and an institute for the study of slavery. History doesn’t always have to be a burden on an institution’s actions for its future, but it should always be taken into context.
Sustained action matters. Values should be meaningful; stances taken on those values should produce meaningful action. Bold public statements by major institutions are often essential to get people talking sufficiently about a problem, and discourse is necessary to create solutions that really work. But bold public statements without any follow-through are effectively useless and often end up trivializing the issue at hand. Companies, universities and others need to commit to their values rather than just providing a good PR moment.
Institutions should also carefully consider the actions produced when they give public platforms to their constituents, or those invited by their constituents. Violence is never an acceptable consequence of free expression; this is true whether that expression comes in the form of a speaking event or a protest or a rally. While The Daily does not endorse the viewpoint of every speaker invited to address Stanford students, we unequivocally condemn those who wish to rebut such viewpoints with violence rather than arguments, with fear rather than discourse or action.
What does all of this mean more concretely?
In one example: Following last year’s presidential election, the former Daily Editorial Board expressed regret about not speaking out about Donald Trump earlier but wrote that “in this moment, it is important not to disengage from politics or to retreat from this nation that we share.” And almost a year later, this current board believes that “this moment” isn’t over.
As a newspaper, our actions are our words, but that doesn’t mean we can’t go beyond empty statements. We commit to staying engaged, to following up on the issues even when they are no longer as sensational as when the first headline broke, to keeping ourselves and the institutions around us accountable. We commit to continuing our internal discussions on our values and how we can make our paper better while widening our impact.
We ask that the University consider the above thoughts when deciding what public stances to take. Stanford’s voice is prominent in itself, but its actions also set an example, and so we ask that the University go further and model policies that protect its community and that preserve the integrity of research and intellectual pursuits.
Likewise, we ask that students, when challenging the administration — as we often should — take the same level of consideration. University stances and decisions should be questioned, but we should do so deliberately and thoughtfully, with the aim of open and reasoned dialogue. This is an idea that has popped up frequently in the last year, in both national and local conversations, and for good reason: It’s the best way to move beyond words into concrete actions.
This is the kind of expression that makes a difference.
— Vol. 252 Editorial Board



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/10/06/football-protest-and-politics-our-athletes-are-leading-the-way-and-we-need-to-follow/
Football, protest and politics: Our athletes are leading the way, and we need to follow
By any objective standard, my career as an NCAA Division I athlete was unremarkable. An undersized walk-on defensive end to the Stanford Cardinal in the fall of 2004, I toiled on the practice squad for three years before breaking a few bones and deciding to move on with my life. When I made the hard decision to quit, I went to see our coach, Jim Harbaugh. He listened to my reasons and then, as though I were weighing the pros and cons of playing for the first time, said, “You know, football builds character.”
He was right.
Football had a huge impact on my life. An only child, it gave me a sense of belonging. A husky kid —  to use a charitable term coined by Levi’s Jeans and lovingly employed by my mother —  it made me feel valuable for my large size.
I began to play the game when I was 12 years old. It scared me at first. It was violent and left no room for excuses. As a player, you quickly learn that hesitation and weakness will be punished. Eleven players mutually responsible for one another’s well-being — a momentary lapse of resolve can lead to loss or injury.
When I got to Stanford, the identity of being a football player was comfortable and reinforcing. I loved the unity and camaraderie on the team. We competed against one another constantly, but it was the healthy kind of competition: the kind that makes you sharper.
Politics were often present in the locker room, and there was a wide range of views. Though the student body leaned to the left, the team was more conservative than the campus. I remember debates about the war in Iraq with my teammates. Many players came from military families, and the mentality of the sport bore resemblance to service. Of my four roommates in college, two went on to become Navy SEALs. They continue to serve today, and I’m proud to call them my friends.
My wife, a psychiatrist, sometimes struggles to understand what motivated me to ritualistically slam my head into the heads of other young men for nearly a decade. Certainly, there was a pursuit of glory and a hope to realize individual greatness. I think it also appealed to an innate sense of purpose I felt representing my school and protecting my teammates.
When Coach Harbaugh said his memorable words to me, I was hurt and angry, but mostly I felt alone. I would never again stand shoulder-to-shoulder with my friends as we tried to achieve something together. Yearning for that feeling of belonging again, I began to volunteer for Barack Obama’s presidential campaign and ultimately joined as a member of his campaign staff.
The campaign felt familiar — it was full of fiercely loyal people, giving themselves to a cause, striving to win. But as I organized communities from Iowa to New Mexico during the unfolding financial crisis, I began to experience a sense of purpose I hadn’t experienced before. It wasn’t a game. The campaign was breaking down centuries of barriers, and the outcome of the election would dramatically affect peoples’ lives.
Years later, I found myself working in the West Wing of the White House as a special assistant to the Chief of Staff. I had many important responsibilities, including getting coffee and lunch for senior White House staff and unjamming the copy machine that had seemingly been there since the Carter Administration.
Even menial tasks in the White House seem to carry disproportionate meaning. I began every morning by collecting the President’s daily briefing from the White House Situation Room. I held it closely in my arms, knowing the contents could save or risk lives. I thought about my grandfather, whose service as a naval officer in World War II was the proudest achievement of his 93 years. My service did not require daily bravery, but I was proud to serve nonetheless.
I’ll admit, when I first saw Colin Kaepernick kneel in protest during the national anthem, I felt uncomfortable. I thought about the pride I’d felt as a player, standing with my hand over my heart before games; I thought about my roommates in the SEALs and my grandfather. The murders of unarmed civilians at the hands of police were indescribably horrible, but was the anthem the venue to protest?
I now realize the ignorance of that question.
Two Sundays have passed since the President chose to single out this form of protest. The statements made by players since then have been courageous and important. Black players and white players have knelt during the anthem, and many others have demonstrated solidarity in their own ways. These players have risked their reputations to send a jarring message that the status quo is not good enough.
When the President told the players to stand, more knelt. Through that act of civil disobedience, they’ve contributed to a larger movement. The protests have extended to other sports and off the field. In the now-famous photo taken by Jonathan Ernst of Reuters, Marvin Boatright showed his patriotism through protest and said of his fellow veterans: “We love this country. We love this flag. But we also love life and liberty for all humanity.”
As we saw with the Women’s March, protest works. It brings us together, raises important questions and exposes courage and cowardice. Through protest, we see the failings of our political system and our leaders.
Football may be a game and a form of entertainment, but its players are strong, patriotic Americans. The game has taught them courage and what it means to stand for something larger than themselves. Though I’ll never again stand (or kneel) among them, their actions over these past weeks have made me proud to have ever considered myself a member of their ranks.
Now it’s our turn to show character.
As Martin Luther King Jr. knew when he relentlessly pressed President Johnson to pass the Voting Rights and Civil Rights Acts, protest and civil disobedience create righteous energy. That energy needs to be channeled through our democracy to make enduring change. The only way to correct the fundamental unfairness that rots at the core of our political system is to mobilize to support strong candidates who will fight to protect the rights of all Americans.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/09/29/advice-from-a-graduating-senior-one-quarter-late/
Advice from a graduating senior (one quarter ‘late’)
And so that time of year comes again, when the welcome banners go up, steak is served in the dining halls and Dean Shaw starts shouting “Go Cardinal!” at random. It feels strange watching it happen four years later, since last spring, my friends and I walked across the stage at Commencement and finally got those little binders with those all-important diplomas inside. Alums at last.
Except — there wasn’t a diploma in my binder. That was printer paper with my name typed in sans serif — a placeholder marking me as incomplete. Some of my peers spent this summer starting their new jobs, some of them worked internships before their coterm, some went vacationing in the Greek isles (please excuse my eyeroll). I spent the summer on campus, working, taking a class — my last — and graduating one quarter late from the Leisurely Stanford Junior University.
Don’t get me wrong — I loved my summer and the class, and I’m genuinely thankful to finish strong on what was a much longer road than some of my friends knew. And there are some of you new freshmen who will read this and say to yourselves: “That will never be me.” You’ll probably say that a lot in NSO. Academic tutoring for struggling students: Not me. Graduating late: Not me. Seeking help from mental health counselors: Not me. A hotline for students in crisis: Not. Me.
Not for me, you’ll say, is this Stanford with all its counselors and doctors and advisors — the Stanford I came for is the Stanford I read about, with sunshine and palm trees and free mimosas, probably.
I signed right up for that Stanford: I joined the Band, was an RA, became a tour guide and generally enjoyed all the things that Stanford told me I would. Four years is a long time, and I admit that for around $200 per lecture, I don’t remember some of my classes (my transcript says I took Anthro I and did well. Who knew? Not me, apparently).
But I’ll remember certain moments very well. I’ll remember when I first failed a class (12 out of 57 on the midterm; I still have that test, and say it with me: W stands for wisdom!). I’ll remember when I got a letter telling me I was on academic probation, and how I was so scared of it that I stuffed it in a drawer and archived the email. I remember when my mother discovered that letter a few months later (I knew I should have burnt it) and how when she demanded an explanation, I could feel my insides breaking down. I remember waking up suddenly one morning senior year, thinking — knowing — that I would fail all my finals and break the terms of my probation and get suspended and not be able to graduate, and I ran into the bathroom and retched but nothing came out, so I ran into my car and I screamed and I screamed and I screamed. And I called my residence dean, who sent me to CAPS in crisis mode, and I realized (not me?).
I’m being a little melodramatic. I’ll graduate in nine days. Some of my memories here are of me breaking under failure; others are of me slowly finding my way to small triumphs. I’ll remember when I retook that class, and how my partner and I holed up ’til 3 a.m. for two weeks until we aced it. I’ll remember when I finally unarchived that probationary email and called my academic advisor like it said, and how we made a plan for my return. I’ll remember that when my mother called me, I cried when I realized that she called not because of the grades but because she just wanted to help. I’ll remember that when I called my residence dean, he never questioned how deeply scared I was (and if you don’t know what a residence dean is: Find out. They can be your best friend.) I remember going to CAPS for that first time, realizing “I’m in therapy” and proceeding to enjoy the hell out of it.
Stanford is at its worst when you feel alone in a sea of people who all know what they’re doing next summer and what job they’ll have next year, and it’s at its best when you dig in, reach out and allow yourself the chance to recognize the multitude of resources available to you. None of the people who matter will judge if you need to talk to a therapist, see a tutor or take a quarter off.
Enjoy Stanford — really. But do it at your own pace. That little date on your diploma — who cares? Not me.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/09/29/silicon-valleys-climate-complicity/
Silicon Valley’s climate complicity
As many of us likely saw this past month, tech companies led a remarkable fundraising effort to aid natural disaster victims of hurricanes Harvey and Irma. As a native Floridian, I applauded these efforts and continue to wish the swiftest of recoveries to those affected. As a pragmatist, however, I find the latest tech philanthropy-push disquieting.
“Help support the effort to rebuild,” Google writes on its giving page, where visitors have the option to support the Catholic Relief Services, UNICEF and the American Red Cross. All these charities provide valuable aid and shelter to people impacted by hurricanes, and there is no doubt that Google is helping save lives with its campaign. But beneath this benign call to action lies the misleading message that “rebuilding” is a good idea.
Hurricane events like Harvey and Irma used to arrive once every few decades, but alas, climate change is real, and as storms of the century become storms of the decade, we must ask the important question of how to respond to these catastrophes. In many cases, more valuable than rebuilding would be to gradually relocate, quickly reduce carbon or invest in making our cities more resilient. And so it becomes evident in Google’s efforts that it cares more about delivering messages of optimism and empowerment than it cares about putting its dollars to best use.
This matters because by omitting any attribution for these disasters, Google disservices public awareness surrounding the tangible effects of climate change, much like EPA secretary Scott Pruitt, who decried any causal inference as “insensitive.” The irony is such: Whereas Mr. Pruitt represents an administration committed to distorting facts, Google sells a technology charged with their safekeeping, and so we must hold them to a higher standard.
Rather than displaying the standalone image of a flattened Caribbean village with undeterminable causality on its giving page, Google must show the very same image with two hurricanes next to it, and better yet, a Keeling curve to go on top. Don’t just offer band-aid fixes with donations to the Red Cross; direct a portion of those contributions to the Environmental Defense Fund. Remind people that we share responsibility in these disasters, and more importantly, that we have the capacity to make things better. Getting this right is critical — otherwise, our donations will fail to keep up, and these calls to action will grow cynical. Take last week for example: Maria wiped out the electrical grid of Puerto Rico and Google’s homepage never asked for your help.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/09/26/stanford-vs-cte/
Stanford vs. CTE
Last Friday was the first day of fall. Many of us in the Stanford community went through our days in breathless anticipation. Nope, I’m not talking about the start of fall quarter 2017. I’m talking about last Saturday’s Stanford vs. UCLA football game.
I don’t pretend to be a football aficionado. By virtue of being an American and a longtime denizen of the Bay Area, I’ve always regarded football as the soundtrack of fall, the constant background noise from September through January and now, unfortunately, February.
I don’t care much about football, but I do care about Stanford students. I keep asking myself: Doesn’t Stanford care about Stanford students? Or perhaps I should rephrase: What is Stanford Athletics doing to protect its football players from chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE)?
CTE is a progressive, degenerative brain disease caused by repeated trauma to the head. It can lead to memory loss, the inability to concentrate, early dementia and mood swings. Those with more advanced CTE have difficulty controlling their impulses and demonstrate aggressive behavior. A recent study of the brains of 111 former professional football players revealed that 110 of these players had developed CTE. The same study, conducted by Dr. Ann McGee, director of Boston University’s CTE center, revealed that 48 of 53 former college football players also had CTE. Certainly, more studies need to be done. Yet regardless of any given college player’s “odds” of developing CTE, its cause is well known. There is no cure.
Just days ago, Boston University’s CTE center revealed that Aaron Hernandez, the 27-year-old former University of Florida football star, suffered from an advanced case of CTE. Hernandez killed himself in prison after being convicted of murder. Researchers have linked CTE to Hernandez’s suicide and the suicides of many others who played football at the high school, college and/or professional level.
Stanford athletes, like their classmates, represent some of the brightest, most promising members of their generation. After their days playing for Stanford are over, most student-athletes will become active, contributing members of their communities and our democracy. They need their minds; we need their minds.
Stanford Athletics, arguably the most respected name in college sports, cannot “ban” CTE. So what will it do to safeguard the mental and physical health of our students? The world is watching.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/09/14/celebrating-the-10th-anniversary-of-the-un-declaration-on-the-rights-of-indigenous-peoples/
Celebrating the 10th anniversary of the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples
Yesterday marked the 10th anniversary of the adoption of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP). The Declaration is a remarkable achievement of the global human rights movement. And yet it remains a relatively unknown document outside of indigenous rights activism.
Like many in the Stanford community, I was unaware that the U.S. indigenous nations — or American Indians — by virtue of their dual citizenship are the only communities in the U.S. population who exist as distinct polities with their own systems of governance while remaining a part of our state political system. I did not know until I volunteered at a human rights forum that indigenous political institutions offer a very different way of making legal and political decisions, based on consent and decentralized democracy.
These topics, for the most part, remain outside of the current curriculum at Stanford Online High School (OHS), even though indigenous political practices reveal unique features of the American rule of law. Neither do these topics get enough attention at the Stanford Freeman Spogli Institute, even though indigenous rights are a pioneering development in the contemporary global governance, given that the UNDRIP supports indigenous self-determination. I wonder how we could reform this and offer my modest contribution in that area.
The making of the Declaration goes back to 1982, when indigenous leaders for the first time in history were allowed to join the U.N. as participants in the U.N. Working Group on Indigenous Populations, created to construct a document that would protect the rights of indigenous populations. After a quarter-century of drafting and content-negotiating, the Declaration was finally adopted by the U.N. General Assembly on Sept. 13, 2007.
The efforts surrounding the UNDRIP implementation bring forth inspiring evidence of the growing significance of indigenous rights. In Bolivia, Brazil and Ecuador, the norms of UNDRIP are reflected in the states’ constitutions. The governments of Uganda, Gabon and Namibia granted communities who self-identified as indigenous peoples special status under laws supporting provision of the UNDRIP. The Declaration also has influenced the work of the national courts in Canada; in several Latin American states, including Mexico, Chile, Guatemala, Colombia and Belize; and even in states notorious for their human rights abuses, such as Botswana and Russia.
Over the past 10 years, the national and regional judges of these states have appealed to the norms of the UNDRIP in cases concerning the rights of indigenous people to lands and natural resources. Argentina paid a compensation of $53,000 to every indigenous girl subjugated to abuse and discrimination based on her indigenous identity, while the Kenyan government recognized the rights of indigenous Endorois to their ancestral lands, marking the first case in African history of granting an indigenous group its right to traditional territory. In the United States, the UNDRIP was endorsed in 2010, influencing transformation of tribal governance, for example in the cases of the Navajo and the Cherokee, and providing those communities with new instruments of supporting tribal sovereignty. Similar developments are happening in Canada, whose government endorsed the Declaration in 2016.
The UNDRIP has also influenced unprecedented changes to the U.N. system. The network of intergovernmental agencies supporting indigenous issues has grown from little over a dozen in 2007 to more than 40 today. Developments today focus on strengthening indigenous political presence at the U.N., where dialogue between indigenous politicians and the members of the international community aims to create the means for indigenous participation in all U.N. meetings that directly affect indigenous communities.
The Declaration signifies a great victory of international indigenous advocacy. Yet on a larger scope, the Declaration impacts contemporary state and global governance and should be studied widely. Its support of indigenous rights is practically possible only within a larger framework of multicultural democracy and depends on the inclusion of other communities currently marginalized because of their ethnicity, gender, class or culture.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/09/14/all-gender-all-city-gender-neutral-restroom-code-compliance-in-san-francisco/
All-gender, all city: Gender-neutral restroom code compliance in San Francisco
Reporting for Philadelphia-area website Billy Penn last week, Anna Orso told the fascinating story of that city’s gender-neutral restroom law. Since a law requiring single-occupancy restrooms to maintain all-gender signage went into effect in January 2016, the City of Philadelphia has issued no citations against any offending building owners. Perhaps even more impressively, the Department of Licenses and Inspections has fielded just three complaints against gendered signage. Taken together, these facts make Philadelphia a special case for how to build code compliance. Could the stipulated fines of up to $2,000 have something to do with the low number of violators? Whatever the reason, the city has acknowledged that awareness of and compliance with the law has been strong.
Like Philly, San Francisco passed a law requiring that single-occupancy restrooms be marked as all-gender in 2016, and as of March 2017, the same is true for all single-user restrooms in California, thanks to the Equal Restroom Access Act (AB1732). Unlike Philadelphia, however, the San Francisco Department of Building Inspection (SFDBI) has received 63 complaints regarding noncompliant signage for single-occupancy restrooms since May 2016. Of these, 27 remain active. Whatever the causes for this disparity, one thing is clear: While people might assume that progressive San Francisco would be fully onboard with all-gender restroom laws, the data suggests otherwise.

The reports are concentrated in the Mission, SoMa and Lakeshore areas, while other areas have been free of complaints. Of course, digging deeper could reveal that some San Franciscans are simply more apt to report gendered signage than their Philadelphian counterparts. Yet this explanation seems less than likely, since both cities are politically liberal-leaning with citizens who are aware of the issues surrounding transgender bathroom access. Furthermore, although Philadelphia boasts a population above 1.5 million compared to San Francisco’s 870,000, the number of complaints is nowhere near commensurate — in fact, San Francisco has received more than 20 times the number of complaints recorded in Philly.

*Data drawn from DataSF, the city’s open data platform, the week of Aug. 28, 2017.
At the same time, the list of complaints in San Francisco reveals that the problem is not limited to mom-and-pop storefronts. National franchises including McDonald’s, Chipotle and Burger King have been the subject of complaints against gendered restroom signage in San Francisco, suggesting that not even the largest corporations have good awareness of the requirements. Covering California’s all-gender restroom law for LA Weekly in March, Rick Paulas argued that for small restaurants, adding all-gender restrooms will be “simply out of the equation.” Yet with complaints against six different Chipotle locations in San Francisco alone, it seems that all-gender restroom rules are a challenge for businesses of any size. Even public buildings can be culprits: One complaint noted that Anza Library had yet to update its bathroom signage in September 2016. “Surprised city buildings aren’t up to code yet,” wrote the complainant.
The purpose of this essay is not to argue that San Francisco is less inclusive than Philadelphia but to highlight differences that deserve more attention. By building more awareness around the issue of all-gender restroom signage, perhaps better information can influence more widespread compliance (and vice versa). Large corporations should absolutely be held accountable for violating city ordinances, while small and family-owned businesses deserve some leniency by code inspectors seeking to bring their districts into compliance. These are goals to which large cities like San Francisco should strive, and perhaps Philadelphia has set the standard for how to do it properly.
Above all, the importance of all-gender restroom rules extends beyond the signs themselves. As design researcher Sara Hendren wrote regarding the Accessible Icon Project, the end goal is behavioral change: “[T]he graphic is not the destination of the work. The destination is a thousand invisible — and, I hope, eventually visible — acts of structural and cultural change: in global rights, in abuse prevention, in meaningfully inclusive schools and workplaces.”
Often, all-gender restroom signage only reinforces an existing reality. Over time, however, signage becomes a key element influencing human behavior in the built environment. San Francisco could be a shining example of these progressive changes, but this means forcing everyone — both large and small — to play by the rules.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/09/08/important-things-to-know-about-title-ix-following-betsy-devoss-announcement-yesterday/
Important things to know about Title IX following Betsy DeVos’ announcement
In a Sept. 7 speech at George Mason University, Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos announced her intention to rewrite existing guidance on investigating campus sexual assault under Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972. “The era of ‘rule by letter’ is over,” she stated, referring to the 2011 Dear Colleague letter which outlines several key survivor-centric guidelines for Title IX investigations.
The Dear Colleague letter clarifies that schools should use a preponderance of the evidence in Title IX investigations and recommends that investigations should be completed within 60 days. It was a strong commitment by the federal government to strengthen and broaden the protections universities must provide to survivors. The 2011 Dear Colleague letter carries huge importance for survivors as an important enforcement mechanism to ensure that universities are compliant with Title IX and that student civil rights are protected and upheld.
Secretary DeVos’s intention to rescind the Dear Colleague letter is alarming and upsetting. It signals a federal move to strip away civil rights guarantees for survivors of sexual assault, and it provides voice to those who shame and silence survivors. Both these outcomes are unacceptable. As the Associated Students of Stanford University, we stand with survivors.
This announcement is distressing and creates a huge shadow of uncertainty over what university Title IX policies will look like. We hope to address some of your questions about what will happen at Stanford (short answer: nothing will change) and encourage you to speak your voice and take care of yourselves.
***
Q&A with Lauren Schoenthaler, Senior Associate Vice Provost for Institutional Equity and Access, and Cathy Glaze, Title IX Coordinator
Q: What are the national implications of rescinding the Dear Colleague letter’s guidelines?
A: The Dear Colleague letter is still online. We cannot state what will happen at other colleges, but at Stanford, our process was drafted to comply with [the Dear Colleague letter], state law and [the Violence Against Women Act], and it provides additional protections not required by any of those laws (such as an independent review of evidence by a third party). Stanford has no plans to retreat from any protections provided to students in our Title IX processes.
Q: What will happen to the Stanford Title IX office if the Dear Colleague letter is rescinded?
A: As described above, we have no plans to alter the existence or function of our Title IX Office. In fact, as of Monday, Sept. 11, our office has expanded to include another full-time investigator.
As Provost Drell noted in her statement, “Stanford operates under California law, which in many respects goes beyond the guidance in the 2011 Dear Colleague letter — including requiring affirmative consent and the preponderance of the evidence standard for Title IX cases. We provide additional resources not mandated by law, as well.”
Q: What is Stanford, as an institution, doing to push for sexual assault policy reform? At the state level? At the national level?
A: Stanford is active in the Association of Independent California Colleges and Universities (AICCU) organization, which is working with California senator Hannah-Beth Jackson on SB 169, a law that puts forward procedural requirements for addressing sexual violence at the K-12 and postsecondary education levels.
At the national level, Stanford plans to participate in the comment process announced Sept. 7 after reviewing any content issued by the Department of Education. Stanford will make these comments public [and] encourages community members to participate in this process as well.
Stanford will continue to look for ways to make its voice heard on these important issues at both the state and federal level. And most importantly, Stanford will continue to work hard every day to eradicate sexual violence from our own campus.
Q: Who can I talk to if I have questions or want to learn more about Stanford’s Title IX process?
A: Professor Pamela Karlan, Stanford Law School, Chair of the Provost’s Advisory Committee on Sexual Assault Policies and Practices (karlan@stanford.edu), Catherine Glaze, Title IX Coordinator (cglaze@stanford.edu) and Lauren Schoenthaler, Senior Associate Vice Provost for Institutional Equity and Access (lks@stanford.edu).
Thanks to Lauren Schoenthaler and Catherine Glaze for their prompt and diligent replies on Stanford’s Title IX policy, especially on such short notice.
***
The biggest unanswered question now may be: what can I do?
One clear opportunity is to provide public comments when the Department of Education opens its new policy guidelines for feedback. You can sign up through It’s On Us to receive an email once the comment period opens.
Know Your IX has created a toolkit with immediate actions you can take to #StopBetsy. End Rape on Campus has an ongoing #ReclaimRedZones campaign, which includes actions specific to preserving the 2011 Dear Colleague letter. Miss Representation tweeted a calling script you can use to ask your senators and representatives to protect Title IX guidance.
You can sign up for action alerts for more Title IX-specific actions in the coming weeks through End Rape on Campus, Know Your IX and United State of Women.
If you’re looking to learn more about Title IX, why it covers sexual violence and what the 2011 Dear Colleague letter covers, we recommend visiting the Know Your IX and National Women’s Law Center websites. To support some great survivor-led nonprofits working every day to support survivors and advocate on behalf of survivors to the federal government, we recommend looking at End Rape on Campus, Know Your IX or SurvJustice.
To push movement in Stanford’s Title IX policy, you can provide feedback to the Advisory Committee on Sexual Assault Policies and Practices. Stanford has indicated that it will provide public comments to the Department of Education once it opens. We’ve provided a form on the online version of this article that you can fill out with your recommendations of what you would like Stanford to stress to the Department of Education, and we will pass along your comments to Provost Drell.
The ASSU also welcomes any feedback and suggestions you may have on recommendations for Stanford policy changes. You can reach us at jtention@stanford.edu and vniu@stanford.edu.
If you’re seeking support, you can visit notalone.stanford.edu for resources and to report a sexual assault, contact the Confidential Support Team at (650) 725-9955, seek peer counseling at the Bridge or make an appointment with Counseling and Psychological Services (CAPS).



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/09/06/stanford-athletics-and-the-profitability-of-amateurism/
Stanford Athletics and the profitability of amateurism
With the start of another Stanford football season underway, the Stanford community — students, faculty, staff, administrators and alumni — should take a long look at the NCAA monolith our school finds itself a member of and ask: Is this lawful? Is this fair? Is this right?
As a member of the NCAA, Stanford ascribes to and enforces the principles of amateurism, which dictate that athletes must not be compensated above the level of their cost to attend school. To be sure, having one’s educational expenses fully covered, provided the education is legitimate, is incredibly valuable. Fortunately for Stanford football players, educational quality and achievement are not problematic issues: Over 95 percent of Cardinal football players graduate with degrees across a wide variety of majors. And if they’re not pursuing their dreams in the NFL, they’re launching successful careers in finance, tech and other sectors. In the overwhelming majority of cases, it appears that Stanford has followed through on its commitment to provide its football athletes — the school’s most visible — with a meaningful education. The same cannot be said for many other collegiate athletic programs, and Stanford rightfully stands as a beacon of a successful combination of athletic and academic pursuits.
But in addition to being among the most well-known athletes on campus, Stanford’s football players are also the most lucrative. And that’s where the issue of compensation becomes significantly more complex.
In the fiscal year ending Aug. 31, 2016, the Stanford football program generated revenues of $43,744,639, according to disclosures provided to the Department of Education. The team’s expenses were $23.7 million, meaning that each of the program’s 85 scholarship football players generated $235,532.14 in profit for the athletics department. Stanford’s Office of Financial Aid calculated the school’s 2017-18 full cost of attendance to be $69,109, meaning that scholarship Cardinal players receive, in in-kind (non-cash) benefits, less than 29 percent of what they generate for the University. For young men who risk their long-term health to act, essentially, as marketers for the University, there is little room to categorize this exchange as fair. Going simply off the tens of millions their efforts generate for the school, Stanford football players have earned far more than just a free education.
Recently, college athletes have been fighting fiercely for economic and employment rights. Current and former players have filed a number of class action lawsuits challenging the legal validity of the NCAA amateurism regulations, many of which have played out in Bay Area courtrooms. The well-known O’Bannon v. NCAA case challenged the NCAA’s rules respecting payments to players for the use of their names, images and likenesses in EA video games (the players won). In 2013, Northwestern’s football players moved to unionize, an effort vehemently opposed by the school and ultimately defeated by the National Labor Relations Board (though the question of whether or not college athletes are employees is yet to be settled). The latest legal challenge to the NCAA is an antitrust suit that cuts right to the heart of the Association’s notion of amateurism. If that suit were to prevail, it could have significant impacts on the type and amount of compensation collegiate athletes could receive while playing for the schools.
Unfortunately, Stanford has opposed these efforts at every turn. Director of Athletics Bernard Muir testified on behalf of the NCAA at the O’Bannon trial, arguing — without evidence — that paying some athletes and not others would sow discord. Muir also testified in front of a congressional committee regarding the Northwestern players’ unionization push, remarking that Stanford might relegate itself to Division III if college athletes were deemed employees — a hollow bluff considering how lucrative Stanford’s Pac-12 membership is.
Clearly, Stanford Athletics wants to maintain the status quo in college sports. That status quo limits athletes to only receiving a full cost of attendance scholarship in an industry that generated well over $10 billion in 2015-16. Hopefully, we can all agree this state of affairs is neither fair nor moral, and that soon the courts will recognize the conduct of Stanford and the NCAA to be unlawful.
So, enjoy Cardinal football in 2017, but don’t lose sight of the overall industry it operates in — or Stanford’s complicity in it.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/07/11/an-open-letter-to-president-marc-tessier-lavigne/
An open letter to President Marc Tessier-Lavigne
Congratulations on the near completion of your first year as Stanford’s president. Over the course of the past year, in numerous conversations, talks and statements, you have stated that Stanford takes sexual violence on our campus very seriously. You have stated that as a community, it is our collective responsibility to work together to end sexual violence on our campus. You have stated that as our president, you want to create a safe learning environment for all students. We, these collective 32 current and former leaders of the Associated Students of Stanford University, thank you for your commitment, and today, we call on you to act on it.
Numerous reports now suggest that the Trump administration is likely to rescind the 2011 Dear Colleague letter and potentially other guidance on the enforcement of Title IX. This guidance importantly clarified the obligations upon universities like Stanford to protect and enforce the civil rights of their students by, for example, requiring schools to have a Title IX coordinator, providing examples of what “prompt and equitable resolution” means, clarifying the independence of a school investigation from a criminal investigation and establishing preponderance of the evidence as the burden of proof. If the Trump administration does rescind this guidance, it will result in decreased enforcement of the Title IX protections that keep our students safe and help them access equitable process and accommodations. This is unacceptable, especially for the Stanford community. With multiple cases still under investigation by the Department of Education’s Office for Civil Rights, it is tantamount that our community and our complainants get the justice they deserve.
Given President Trump’s history as someone who has been accused of sexually assaulting numerous women, we cannot trust his administration to have the best interests of survivors at heart. As such, it is even more critical that this University’s administration protect each and every student’s right to learn free from any kind of discrimination, especially if the government will not.
It is well past time that this University and this country move forward in the fight to eradicate sexual violence from places of learning. Enough is enough.
Today, we call upon you and the rest of the Stanford administration to make good on your promises and commitment to take sexual assault “very seriously.” We, the undersigned students to whom you have made such a commitment, demand that you publicly commit to upholding prior Department of Education guidance, including the 2011 Dear Colleague letter, regardless of the actions of the Trump Department of Education and White House. Furthermore, we ask that you make your voice heard to the Department of Education and Secretary DeVos, to encourage her to maintain policies and guidance that have been established by the past four decades of presidential administrations on both side of the aisle.
Stanford has always prized itself as being the best and being at the forefront of innovation. This past year, the University has seen significant controversy in the way that it has handled cases of sexual violence in the past. Just a few months ago, however, you listened to survivors and allies and renewed your support of survivors by adopting a three-year pilot of Callisto. At the end of the year, Provost Drell provided a new level of transparency in supplying statistics from the pilot Student Title IX Process. We call on you to continue this encouraging trend of supporting survivors.
Stand up for survivors, and stand with survivors. Tell survivors that you believe them and that this University will continue to support them by continuing to follow best practices and guidance previously issued by the Department of Education.
“Inclusion must be central to our efforts in the coming decade. This starts with reaffirming our culture of civility and our culture of respect for the dignity of every member of our community and includes a rejection of all forms of violence, including the sexual violence that has roiled our campus, for which we have zero tolerance.” Those were your words, President Tessier-Lavigne. It’s time to act on them. We look forward to hearing from you.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/06/27/why-we-came-to-work-with-edith-sheffer/
Why we came to work with Edith Sheffer
Last week, we learned that our doctoral advisor Edith Sheffer, an assistant professor of modern European history here at Stanford, was denied tenure. We are shocked and saddened by this news and suspect that many Stanford students will feel the same way. Undergraduates will know her well-deserved reputation as a prizewinning and innovative teacher. As graduate students, we know her as an engaged mentor and the author of groundbreaking research in German history. The decision not to award her tenure is a profound loss for Stanford and its students.
Edith’s first book, “Burned Bridge: How East and West Germans Made the Iron Curtain,” is a pioneering social history of the Iron Curtain. It tells the story of two small towns separated by the border between East and West Germany. In addition to her  meticulous research in 14 archives, Edith conducted 50 interviews with local residents to uncover the “wall in the head” that kept East and West Germans estranged from each other for more than half a century.
The American Historical Review, the top history journal in the United States, deemed “Burned Bridge” “brilliant,” while the New Republic raved that it was “a model of the genre.” “Burned Bridge” is esteemed among scholars, and it is also assigned in many undergraduate lecture courses and graduate seminars across the country. The book won three awards, including the Paul Birdsall Prize in European Military and Strategic History from the American Historical Association. Edith was the first woman to receive this prize since it was established in 1985.
Edith’s second book, “Asperger’s Children: The Origins of Autism in Nazi Vienna,” will appear with W.W. Norton next year. This work uncovers the disturbing complicity of Hans Asperger, the Austrian physician best known for his work with autistic children, in the euthanasia machine of Nazi Germany. Edith is already hard at work on her third book, tentatively titled “Hidden Front: Switzerland and World War Two.”
Edith’s scholarly accomplishments are obviously considerable — but it is her work as a teacher and committed mentor that we know perhaps best of all.
Each of us has witnessed Edith’s passion for historical education firsthand, working with her on undergraduate lectures or leading seminars by her side. Her action-packed courses confront students with a vast and exciting array of primary sources, from propaganda videos to popular music, from recruitment posters to novels and photographs. Students in her classes are not presented with potted histories drawn from textbooks but rather with Edith’s own cutting-edge arguments and interpretations. As a result, Edith’s courses force students to think critically about the past and question their own actions in the present.
Edith delights in testing the assumptions of her students — suggesting, for instance, that most members of what she terms Germany’s “muddled majority” in fact supported Nazism — and raising important questions about the present. Indeed, Edith brings a real sense of urgency to her teaching, so convinced is she that the past matters profoundly. She insists that her students put their training and historical imagination to use, encouraging students in her surveillance seminar, for example, to write and publish op-eds informed by history. Over the course of her time at Stanford, she has won multiple major teaching awards, most recently Stanford Phi Beta Kappa’s teaching prize in 2015.
Nationally, Edith is known for her award-winning “Creating Lives” program. Edith asks her undergraduate students in German history to write imaginative, yet analytical and carefully documented, diary entries from the perspective of a fictional character they create at the beginning of the course. These entries allow students to follow their own research interests and delve more deeply into the world of Nazi Germany. It is an unparalleled way of helping undergraduates understand how atrocities came about through the everyday involvement of ordinary people. Edith’s “Creating Lives” approach has been adopted by teachers across the country and deployed in high schools, community colleges and universities.
As her doctoral students, we have been lucky to benefit from Edith’s historical expertise, excellence in teaching and compassionate mentorship. A fierce advocate for our interests, she has also constantly pressed us to become better teachers and more imaginative scholars. Her expectations for our work are high. So, too, is her confidence in our ability to contribute as historians. She has given us the confidence and support needed to rethink old assumptions and produce original work that we can be proud of. This kind of support is invaluable for young scholars.
Perhaps most remarkable, Edith’s high expectations for us have always been paired with genuine human interest and concern for our weaknesses and uncertainties. She cares deeply about our personal well-being and has been a remarkable source of strength, guidance and friendship for each of us as we have navigated our lives in academia. We cannot imagine our Stanford experience without her.
The decision to deny Edith tenure will deprive the University of a scholar, teacher and mentor of unusual brilliance, integrity and warmth. Inspired by her outstanding example as an historian and educator, we are proud to be Edith’s doctoral students. We know that many undergraduates and faculty will miss her presence on campus and her contributions to Stanford’s rich intellectual community. We’ll miss her, too.
Those who wish to express their support for Edith are invited to do so here.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/06/21/the-edge-of-impossibility/
The Edge of Impossibility
It sometimes seems like Stanford exists in a special distortion of the space time continuum. The sun goes up and the sun goes down, but you could be forgiven for thinking that time stands still. The grass is almost always green. The weather is almost always great. The people almost always say they are doing “good” or “great!” Something is always under construction. Every year, a bunch of wide eyed freshmen arrive. Every year, a bunch of nostalgic seniors graduate and go trooping off into the world.
Today, those graduating seniors are us. Stanford seems to be timeless because the time between our arrival on campus and our departure at once seems an instant and a geologic era in length. After drinking deeply of the cool dark waters of knowledge for four years like we never had before, it seems almost impossible that the time has come for us to put down the glass and drink no more of Stanford’s store.
But we are well acquainted with almost impossible. Few in our class had a safe path into Stanford. For most of us, the prospect of getting into Stanford seemed almost impossible. Yet we did it. Once we got here, when faced with the full blast of human knowledge in its most intense heat, it seemed almost impossible to pick one or two meager portions to concentrate on. Yet we did it. Most of us experienced one or two (or for the more unfortunate, more) classes in which success seemed almost impossible. Yet we did it. We are here today.
At Stanford, almost impossible gives no special fright. Few ideas are more hollowed in the Stanford mythology than the idea that, in the bounty of talent at Stanford, all problems might yield to the intellect and dedication we bring to the fray. Stop nuclear proliferation? Totally doable. Colonize Mars? Way ahead of you. Cure cancer? Just give it a few more years. Taking courage from our compatriots, we trusted that our better natures could form a mosaic that frustrates the iron odds beyond our borders.
Today that mosaic breaks, and the pieces scatter to the four winds. It was perhaps always a myth that together we could solve the most intractable of all problems. We didn’t solve many near impossibilities so far. Maybe, at the cost of four years, we gained a few feet in trench warfare against the unforgiving laws of nature and the unending folly of man. Yet the struggle continues and many good things remain dauntingly, nearly impossible.
Yet this marks not the end of our hopes, but the beginning of our dreams. The fight against nearly impossible is a fight against hopelessness. If we yield to hopelessness, nearly impossible becomes truly impossible. In the past we have had allies in our struggle against nearly impossible- parents, caregivers, teachers, professors, mentors, friends, and more.  Those who have stood with us so far shall stand by us still. Treasure their counsel and despair not.
While we graduates were once a legion against the nearly impossible, today we go forth on solitary quests. Many of us do not know what comes next in our lives. Many of us think we know what comes next, but predict wrongly. Some of us actually have plotted a true course, but they are the few. Fear not to which category you belong to, because it matters not. In time, all of us can find the right road forward if we know how to look for it.
And how are we to find this path forward? The intoxicating magic of the Stanford experience may recede, but we will find that our intellects and stores of knowledge have been braced, reinforced, and filled to the brim these past four years. To do good for mankind is to do good for ourselves, and we are well equipped to pursue this calling.
But what manner of good should we pursue? Is it better to pursue a sure if smallish addition to the world’s joy, or ought we chase the great and nearly impossible at the risk of accomplishing nearly nothing if we fail?
It seems there is no single answer that fits poncho-like over us all. Try multiplying the value of success with the probability of success to find its expected value. If you want to do the most good, pursue whichever path that leads towards the greatest expected value.
This may sound perfectly logical, but we are by nature a risk-averse people, and we are all too likely to walk the trail we can see rather than climb upwards toward the towering but misty heights of our mightiest aspirations. Considering how much good we can achieve by conquering whatever near impossibility is dear to our hearts, the treacherous path up is typically the wiser one.
If we each chase the edge of impossibility, many of us will fail like meteors burning against the starry sky. Yet the more of us who make the attempt, the more wonders we shall cumulatively accomplish. Some of these wonders may be so great as to shake the very foundations of our world.
In the English language, the expression “tilting at windmills” is known as shorthand for making foolhardy attempts at great deeds. We ought not to be so stingy in our boldness. My final advice to my good friends, the Class of 2017, is to tilt at the biggest windmill you can find.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/06/20/storytelling/
Storytelling
Joining The Stanford Daily was one of the best decisions I made in my time at Stanford. Sometimes you join a group or a club and find that it’s fun for a while, only to lose your passion for it as time goes on. But since the day I joined The Daily, I knew: This is what I want to do, not just for the rest of my time at Stanford, but for the rest of my life.
Admittedly, I haven’t been the most regular presence at The Daily. As if trying to be a good student and a functioning person at the same time wasn’t hard enough, trying to be a writer on top of all that is a real balancing act. (I’ll always be amazed at some of my colleagues’ abilities to crank out columns on a weekly basis.) I’m hard on myself for not being able to do as much for The Daily as I would have liked, and for every piece I did write, I’m guessing there were 10 that I had to pass on or was too busy to take. All the same, I’m very proud of what I did get to do.
I’m a storyteller, really. In my time at The Daily, I’ve loved being able to learn about the things that my fellow students are doing and hear what drives them to do it. I’ve gotten to know the ASSU Executives for the last two years. I’ve run in the same circles as some of the most forward-thinking rappers in Stanford’s hip-hop scene. I’ve even helped orchestrate a lightsaber duel in which a brave ASSU senator defeated Emperor Palpatine and restored balance to the Force. I like to think of these stories as character studies, where someone lets me into their life and allows me to share it with others. I’m always grateful when people trust me to do that.
Sometimes I have to write morality plays. When things happen on the Stanford campus that affect students, it’s been my duty to call attention to them. When the CS department discriminated against a student for their gender identity, I broke the story. When the Stanford Review tried to reinstate a controversial Western Civilization program into the curriculum, I wrote about that. And when a tenured professor said that she was pushed out of Stanford in retaliation for reporting sexual harassment, I shed light on that — and spent another month and a half writing a follow-up when an administrator challenged what I had written. A lot of my friends put a great deal of their time and energy towards activism while at Stanford; writing about issues such as these made me feel as though I was fighting for something, too. In writing these wrongs, I was hoping that they could be made right.
I’m going to be returning to Stanford in the fall to pursue a master’s degree in Communication on the Journalism track, but I don’t know if I would if it hadn’t been for The Daily. My writing is such an important part of what I do and who I am, and I’m always proud to tell people, “I’m a journalist.” It can be an underappreciated and undervalued profession, but it’s more important now than it’s ever been. The Daily will always be the place where I began as a writer, and I hope they’ll keep a place for me in the next volume.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/06/11/in-exile-and-mourning-venezuela/
In exile and mourning Venezuela
Last time I spoke with my mom, she bitterly mourned the current state of Venezuela. Sandwiched in between her usual laments — those I learned to painfully swallow while abroad and, therefore, safe — cropped up a remark I had never heard before. This is not, she said, a war. Instead, this is like a war. At the moment, the distinction merely struck me as peculiar. I had never thought of my mom as a stickler for language.
Upon further reflection, though, I realized that worlds turn on the difference between like and not like. If Venezuela were actually engaged in a war, then many — perhaps all — of its problems would become understandable. Some would even be expected. Deaths, violence, destruction, famines, scarcity, unemployment, hopelessness — these are all among the known and studied consequences of large-scale armed conflicts.
Of course, the existence of a real state of war never lessened the sufferings of bereaved parents and hungry children. In other words, to a certain extent, it doesn’t matter whether Venezuela is involved in official combat or not — the fact remains that its people are undergoing considerable hardship.
Yet, the “like condition” does add a set of non-trivial stresses in Venezuela that an actual war would never enjoy. That is, everything terrible and sickening that happens back home feels intensely preventable. It also feels absurd and inexplicable. The sensation reminds me of an anecdote I read many years ago. In “The Black Swan,” Lebanese-American essayist Nassim Taleb describes his fellow exiles as continuously running “counterfactuals in their minds, generating alternative scenarios that could have happened and prevented” the baffling historical events that rid them of their country.
I have often tried doing the same, especially when asked by my non-Venezuelan friends for the reasons behind my country’s demise and ever-approaching collapse. Unlike my mom, however, who lived through the distant so-called golden years, I never knew anything that did not resemble chaos in Venezuela. Disappointment and frustration were always part of the status quo. Nostalgia only arrived once I left.
Some years ago, my sister described the mindset of the exile as perpetually wavering between the solía ser (used to be) and the podría ser (could be). She also joked that some Venezuelans lived abroad wishing to go back, while others never thought twice about their decision to leave. Some missed home, while others hoped to forget it. They all, however, shared memories of a vanished, never-again-to-be-seen, native land.
My mom calls often, and every time, I worry about the words I will use to try and assuage her. Sometimes, I feel the urge to overturn her grief. I want to have her read Robert Lowell’s 1967 sonnet on Caracas, the one in which he visits, “This house, this pioneer democracy, built / on foundations, not of rock, but blood as hard as rock.” I want her to hate the old Venezuela, so she might desist from bewailing the present one. I want to rationalize the insane reality she and the rest of my family are living through — find unforgivable faults in everything that came before.
But I fail.
Instead, by waters that are not warm and coral-blue like my Caribbean Sea, I sit and weep, remembering what I never knew.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/06/07/stolen-fire/
Stolen fire
On May 24th, Stanford invited Junot Díaz to give the 2017 Stanford Presidential Lecture in Arts and Humanities. Díaz, a Pulitzer Prize winning author, used this platform to address the experiences of people of color in elite universities, and to rail against the societal inequality perpetuated by such elite, neoliberal, universities like Stanford that hoard so much wealth for the benefit of so few. In his talk, Díaz declared that “Stanford should be embarrassed of itself.” He accused the university of behaving like a bank, of caring more about money from conservative donors than the well-being of the students and workers who are on this campus every day. Díaz’s words resonated with those in the audience, who were all too familiar with Stanford’s two-facedness, its desire to do anything to project a face of excellence, diversity and caring to the world, while simultaneously engaging in practices that undermine this “diversity” in both, the Bay Area and the world at large. Díaz instructed the students present to “steal fire” from Stanford, to do anything they can to break their chains and distribute the privileges of this institution to the general public.
It is predictable, then, that Stanford would attempt to appropriate this too into its non-stop public-relations empire. Stanford’s coverage of the event dismembered Díaz’s talk. Nowhere in the article are any of the direct condemnations of Stanford and other institutions of privilege. In his talk, Díaz implored students to research the hegemony we live under, to understand organizations like Stanford so that we may combat the vast injustices that they continue to perpetrate. To this effect, Díaz said “You must educate yourself in the system that you inhabit. This is a select college. You’ll never be in this kind of environment again.” The Stanford article includes this quote, but prefaces it with the following comment:
“Díaz encouraged students to take advantage of resources that surround them during their time in college.”
Not only has Stanford stripped Díaz’s speech of its content, of its fire, Stanford has conceitedly attempted to twist Díaz’s words to score further PR points, to turn him into an unwitting accomplice for the university. Stanford not only censored his statements, it intentionally misrepresented the words and thoughts of an author and professor to better suit their goals. In doing so, they violate the academic integrity of this institution, the very idea that Stanford stands as an institution devoted to the honest exchange of ideas. By lying to the public in order to better suit its self-image, Stanford has revealed that it is everything that Díaz accused it of being.
Stanford hosted a webcast of Díaz’s talk, which was broadcast live on May 24. The webcast has now been removed. As of Friday, June 2, the webcast site says that “at request of the speaker, this talk was only available live and was not recorded.” Nevertheless, there exists on Youtube a copy of the speech, proudly bearing the Stanford Humanities Center logo. Moreover, Díaz confirmed with us that he has reached out to Stanford, asking them to put his talk back online.
To the students of marginalized communities and radical politics that flocked to hear Díaz speak, it comes as no surprise that Stanford would attempt to twist the truth to serve its own ends. Even as Stanford attempts to co-opt the words that call out its hypocrisies, as Marc-Tessier Lavigne and Persis Drell nod and smile and tell the Sanctuary Now movement that only Stanford knows what is best for them, we must hold fast to the truth as we see it, and continue stealing the fire that is locked up in this institution.


https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/06/02/stanford-title-ix-data-indicate-that-reform-is-still-needed/
Stanford Title IX data indicate that reform is still needed
On Wednesday, Provost Persis Drell released a “progress report” on the first 15 months of experience with Stanford’s new procedure for resolving sexual assault complaints. The report contains good information and the tone is admirably neutral. Drell deserves significant praise for this report, given Stanford’s previous lack of transparency and frequent institutional self-congratulation on this issue.
One regrettable false note is the continued whitewash of the termination of Crystal Riggins. Drell writes that a committee overseeing the Title IX process investigated and concluded that the termination “was not motivated, in whole or in part, by comments [the attorney] made to reporters criticizing Stanford’s processes,” despite the fact that Stanford Associate Vice Provost Lauren Schoenthaler sent Riggins a letter explicitly telling her she was being terminated due to her critical comments to the press about the process. Continuing to suggest otherwise merely undermines the credibility of the oversight committee and the report itself.
Turning to the specifics of the report, there are two areas worth highlighting.
First, the data supports concerns raised by faculty, students and lawyers (including Riggins) regarding Stanford’s requirement that survivors obtain a unanimous finding from a three-person hearing panel in order to obtain remedies like a no-contact directive or a housing change for the perpetrator. Only one other school — Duke — has such a requirement.
The figures released by Drell suggest that the unanimity requirement is distorting the pattern of outcomes, as survivors actively avoid going through a hearing process that is slanted against them.
A high proportion of cases ended in informal resolutions in which victims accepted negotiated outcomes, perhaps due to fear that they would not receive a unanimous finding at a hearing. Out of 22 cases charged, only eight cases went to a hearing, compared with 14 “nonhearing resolutions.” This means that even among the 2.7 percent of victims who made a formal report, nearly two-thirds declined the hearing. When the 29 cases of  “informal intervention” are included in the total, the proportion of victims who reported abuse but avoided Stanford’s hearing process increases to 84 percent.
There is zero legal basis for requiring a victim to receive 3 votes, rather than a simple majority of 2 out of 3 votes. Stanford claims that its hearing panelists are “highly trained.” If two out of three of these “highly trained” panelists believe after a review of the evidence that a student was raped, that should be more than sufficient to provide that student with remedies allowing them to safely complete their education.
Stanford says “so far” no accused student has prevailed on a 2-1 vote, but that is not reassuring. First, 4-1 and 3-2 votes were common under the prior process (known as the ARP). More importantly, lawyers for survivors have stated publicly that they and their clients view the unanimous panel requirement with apprehension and take it into account when deciding to accept informal resolution. They know that the deck is stacked against them, and they are deciding not to play the game.
Stanford’s unanimity requirement is inconsistent with Title IX’s requirement of an equitable hearing process. Instead of putting both students on a level playing field, it tilts the process in favor of the accused student. While the accusing student needs to win all three votes to receive any help, the accused needs just one vote to prevail. This bias is appropriate to a criminal process, where the higher stakes of loss of liberty justify it. But it has no place in a process that is mandated by law to provide strictly equal opportunities and treatment to both parties.
Second, Stanford’s new narrow definition of sexual assault is a significant problem. Under the new process, assault is defined as penetration carried out through force or while a victim is completely incapacitated. The expected sanction is expulsion. This definition excludes conduct that is a felony sex crime under California criminal law and is narrower than that used by any of our peer schools. When this definition was adopted, faculty members and students objected that the narrow definition sent damaging messages by labeling particular types of conduct as “assault” but not others. They also cautioned that it appeared designed less to set community standards than to ensure that few, if any, students would be expelled.
Drell’s report now acknowledges that during the 15 months in which the new process has been in effect, literally no one was found responsible for sexual assault at a hearing. Instead, students apparently were found responsible for lesser offenses like “misconduct” or harassment (or perhaps for nothing at all under “nonhearing” settlements). As a result, Stanford continues to struggle to impose sanctions of sufficient severity. Despite Drell’s refreshing acknowledgement of the high rate of campus victimization, no one was expelled. This report documents that with the exception of one student who withdrew voluntarily, students received short suspensions or leaves of absence after which they were free to return to campus — and potentially re-offend.
This is a longstanding problem. Stanford has expelled no more than two students for sexual assault in its entire history.It’s an unsustainable pattern, particularly for a school that holds itself up as a model. The lack of serious consequences reflected in the report impacts not only the victim in an individual case, but also fails to deter other sexual violence from occurring on campus. Anger over allowing serious offenders to remain on campus has in large measure driven the wave of federal civil rights complaints and lawsuits against Stanford, with its attendant negative media attention. It is past time to face facts squarely. Sexual assault and serious sexual misconduct violate the Fundamental Standard and have no place on campus. The University must send the message that if you commit these offenses, you cannot be a part of this community.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/06/01/property-rights-and-enbridge-a-pipeline-story/
Property rights and Enbridge: A pipeline story
Our memories are rooted in the sanctuaries we create. Recollections of Thanksgiving and of Christmas past pale without home in the background; the past and home intertwine and mingle until they are nearly seamless. When I was young, my brothers and I would chase imaginary enemies through the pine groves near our Wisconsin house, watch my dad boil sap to make maple syrup and see the warm lights beckon through the dark winters from the end of the driveway. My youngest brother was born right after we moved into the house, and I saw my middle brother get married in the pine groves where I spent my youth.
Freeze these frames.
Now, enter Enbridge, a Canadian corporation and the world’s largest pipeline company. Through a perversion of eminent domain, Enbridge was granted permission to steal an additional 315-foot swath of my family’s land, in addition to the 80 feet it had already taken for other massive pipelines, decimating our old growth forest along with our property value. Two million barrels of oil a day currently flow underneath our land, more oil than the U.S. imports from the Middle East on an average day.
After the news about the pipeline expansion, my hands would not stop shaking for three days.
My family’s story offers a stark example of how unbridled corporate money and power can undermine our government, and how pipelines not only infringe upon the environment, but our basic American rights as well. Most people think that eminent domain can only be used for public purposes, such as building schools or roads, but because of a narrow 5-4 Supreme Court decision in 2005 (Kelo v. New London), companies can now use eminent domain to seize land if they can demonstrate an overall economic gain. To further solidify their legal position in 2015, Enbridge lobbied the Wisconsin state legislatures to change state eminent domain laws to better fit its business model through the obscure Motion #999 process, a rule that is used to typically correct gross mathematical errors in the state budget. Under the careful supervision of Enbridge lobbyists and lawyers, Wisconsin legislatures conceded Enbridge the right to condemn and usurp private land for corporate economic development.
Enbridge’s greed not only threatens my family’s property rights, but also our property safety. Like most rural Americans, our only access to potable water is the small well on our property that taps into the shallow groundwater under our house. One small leak can contaminate all of our water. Enbridge has had 804 spills in the last 10 years, including the infamous Kalamazoo River spill in Michigan, the largest oil spill on American soil. Under current eminent domain practices and recent changes to Wisconsin law (lobbied for by Enbridge), they are also not fiscally liable, nor must they carry any insurance, for any spills that take place along their pipelines.
Proponents of pipelines argue that pipelines are a safer method of transporting oil and that pipelines create jobs. This argument is corporate doublespeak. Pipelines are constructed as a cost-saving measure for transporting oil. Pipelines do not provide long-term jobs — only short-term construction contracts. The long-term job growth estimate for the similar Keystone XL pipeline is only 35 jobs. But why should corporate profits even be a factor in these decisions? When did we decide to sacrifice freedom, liberty and autonomy for cash? I feel that most Americans would hold it a self-evident truth that a powerful foreign company should not be able to seize private American land for profit.
My family and I are not radical environmentalists. We know that many modern conveniences are only possible because of the energy petroleum provides. However, we also know that the oil that will run under my family’s land is from the Canadian tar sands, the least energy-efficient method of extracting petroleum and one that causes the most environmental carnage. Most of the oil is destined to be shipped overseas and is not used for domestic energy purposes. The profits from the sales will be sucked out of the country, and there will be minimal permanent job creation for Americans. Why should we shoulder all the risks while enjoying none of the fiscal rewards? We fight this land grab because not only are our civil liberties are being violated, but our land is as well.
Enbridge will not have to look hard for myself or my family. We, along with others threatened by Enbridge, have banded together to create 80Ft is Enough!, a grassroots organization against pipeline expansion. With our neighbors, we will not be intimidated into silence. We will fight them in the courts, in the legislature and on our property. We will protest to show that corporate power and money cannot violate our land, buy our complacency or negate our rights.
I am asking for the support of the other citizens of my state and of my country. This is not a case of Blue vs. Red. This is an issue of freedom vs. coercion, democracy vs. oligarchy. Multi-national companies are not afraid of the people and have subverted our political system for their economic gains. From insane increases in drug prices to targeting the vulnerable to thuggish plane removal practices, corporations in America have made it clear that they think they are in control. It is up to us as individuals to stand tall and make it clear that we will not accept a two-tiered system that favors the powerful and wealthy.
The day we decide to sacrifice the liberties and freedoms of the people for the economic enrichment of the few is the day reason has failed, and our democracy is diminished.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/05/31/is-the-orl-mia/
Is the ORL MIA?
The Office of Religious Life (ORL) recently – and very quietly – changed its mission statement. The previous mission statement read: “To guide, nurture and enhance the spiritual, religious and ethical life within the Stanford community.” But sometime in February, the ORL decided that an “ethical life” was beyond the scope of their work and dropped it from their mission statement.
To be sure, guiding and nurturing an ethical life is difficult, and more than a few religious institutions and preachers have abused their authority. Yet the question that begs for an answer is: Why make such an important change? And why do so quietly?
This change in the ORL mission statement must be viewed in the context of the strife, conflict and the extreme polarization of the political and civil society in our country. Candidate Trump encouraged violence against protestors and those who disagreed with him.
As president, he has excoriated the media as being “dishonest” or “fake news” and suggested some reporters should be arrested and prosecuted. Journalists have been pushed, shoved and, just recently, body slammed.
Since Trump’s election, the incidences of hate crimes and threats have skyrocketed. The Southern Poverty Law Center reports that there were 1,094 reported incidents of bias in the first 34 days after the election.
Those targeted include women, people of color, Jews, LGBTQ people and, of course, Muslims. We have seen some these incidents right here on the Stanford campus and in the Bay Area.
In times like these, shouldn’t the ORL be more involved in discussing ethical issues, rather than less? And not just discussing, but actively engaging with the thorny ethical issues of climate change, immigration, uncivil society, inequality and militarism ( to name just a few)?
We must resist any spiritual schizophrenia that would subordinate justice and mercy to the “lofty ideals” of religion. When Rabbi Hillel (first century BCE) was asked by a Gentile to explain the entire Torah – the core of Judaism – while standing on one leg, he replied, “What is hateful to you, do not do to your fellow: This is the whole Torah; the rest is the explanation; go and learn.”
One of the opportunities of the ORL is to model for students and our community how to integrate our intellectual and ethical lives. Are there moral imperatives when refugees are being turned away and immigrants are being deported? What is our responsibility as a privileged community and nation in the face of global warming? What role can and should our faith traditions play in helping us to find our way?
With this small change in their mission statement, is the ORL signaling that an ethical life is, well, not really that important? Are they choosing to step back from these challenges, to be MIA? Unfortunately, with this change, they are giving credence to those who rightly complain that the church and religion rarely speaks to the crises in their lives and too often fails to speak truth to power.
Religious and moral leaders past and present have warned against taking the easy way out, of avoiding these difficult subjects. To paraphrase Dr. King, our lives begin to end the day we – and our religious leaders – become silent about the things that matter. Dietrich Bonhoeffer, a Lutheran pastor executed by the Nazis for his “crime” of actively resisting evil, warned against silence and passivity, saying, “Not to speak is to speak. Not to act is to act.”



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/05/25/why-silicon-valley-should-support-the-paris-agreement/
Why Silicon Valley should support the Paris Agreement
President Trump is on the verge of a monumental decision: to withdraw from or keep the U.S. in the Paris Agreement. Signed by 194 nations in December 2015, the Paris Agreement establishes a global goal to limit warming to 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels. But now, the new administration plans to roll back a suite of environmental measures, and the Paris Agreement is potentially on the chopping block. While this might seem like a distant, bureaucratic matter, the Paris Agreement has immediate, tangible benefits on a local scale. Here in Silicon Valley, the agreement will help incentivize innovation, create jobs and spur growth in the clean energy sector today, while reducing costly climate impacts tomorrow. We must remind the Trump administration that the Paris Agreement will help, not hinder, our critical slice of the American economy.
Last month, 16 businesses, including Silicon Valley giants like Apple, Google and Unilever, sent a letter to Trump urging him to keep us in the Paris Agreement. Why? It fosters innovation – the spirit on which Silicon Valley was founded and continues to thrive. The Paris Agreement establishes a long-term goal, so it supports heavy investment in clean technologies such as electric cars and efficient batteries. The Agreement also encourages market-based solutions, which further incentivizes innovation in order to minimize costs.
The Paris Agreement also encourages growth in the clean energy market, which creates jobs. Silicon Valley already develops lots of renewable energy, and stands to benefit enormously from this growth. For instance, from 2015-16, California experienced a 32 percent increase in solar industry jobs. On the other hand, if the U.S. exits the Paris Agreement, it would make the U.S. less competitive compared to other nations that prioritize clean energy, potentially stunting our local market.
Lastly, the global commitments under the Paris Agreement can help reduce climate impacts in Silicon Valley like extreme drought and sea level rise. Severe climate impacts pose significant risk and uncertainty to businesses, but they also endanger communities in Silicon Valley. Cities like East Palo Alto already face disproportionate impacts from fossil fuel generation and toxic sites, and are at great risk from future sea level rise and drought conditions.
Transitioning to a clean energy economy won’t be easy; scientists say that we’ll need emissions reductions well beyond those as part of the Paris Agreement in order to avoid catastrophic climate change. However, the cost of this transition is steadily decreasing, as the price of renewable energy has now become competitive with many fossil fuels, and Silicon Valley is well positioned to lead the charge. Here in California, we are already ahead in renewable energy generation and environmental regulation, and have been operating under a cap-and-trade system for over a decade. Silicon Valley itself is a hub of clean technology startups, and already has much of the necessary capital to continue innovating and growing this sector.
The Paris Agreement will undoubtedly help Silicon Valley continue to grow and innovate. Under the Agreement, the U.S. has set a target of reducing emissions to 26 to 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025. As an existing leader in energy and climate action, Silicon Valley has the capacity and the responsibility to move our country towards a clean energy economy and mitigate catastrophic climate change for future generations around the globe. Everyone who lives and works here has a stake in this issue.
I encourage you to call the White House at (202) 456-1111 to express your support for the Paris Agreement and tell them how it benefits your community. Your neighbors, your fellow Americans and the rest of the world will thank you.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/05/24/postdoc-perspective-sounding-a-note-of-optimism/
Postdoc perspective: Sounding a note of optimism
Recently, postdocs met with Provost Persis Drell and Vice Provost for Graduate Education(VPGE) Patti Gumport. The small group of representative postdocs, made up of leadership from postdoc community organizations (SURPAS, oSTEM, Black Postdoc Association, AIMS, ACSSS and postdoc parents), presented data and anecdotes on the current experience of postdocs at Stanford University. While the issues facing postdocs are complex and nothing will be changed overnight, the meeting overall was positive.
With the new leadership in the administration, both Marc Tessier-Lavigne and Persis Drell have had direct experience with postdocs. At the meeting, Provost Drell even gave her own anecdote of being a postdoc in the Bay Area and her own struggles with the transition. Their experience implies that the new leadership is already a much stronger ally to the postdoc community than we had felt from the administration in the past several years. Their support is critical at this time.
The most tremendous concerns for postdocs are similar to what other groups face, and mostly revolve around the absurd cost of living in the area. For postdocs, on-campus housing is nearly impossible to come by, with wait lists lasting two years or more. The astronomical costs of living in the areas close to campus (i.e. Palo Alto, Mountain View, Menlo Park) have meant that almost half of postdocs live farther away, increasing commute time. A quarter of postdocs are parents, and a meager salary coupled with high childcare costs create a precarious, and for some, guilt-inducing stress. Those postdocs who can make the sacrifice to live here often have the socioeconomic privilege to do so. Socioeconomic pressure is one of several factors that can deter diversity. Considering that under-represented minorities have even lower representation in the postdoc population than the graduate or undergraduate populations, deterring diversity is not the right direction.
In the current heated political climate of the U.S., it’s no surprise that activism aimed at the Trump administration would start to spill over into other arenas closer to home. Indeed, in this atmosphere of ongoing insecurity about immigration and funding for research coupled with concerns about cost of living, some postdocs have started to take up the cause for unionization. They point to the apparent success of the University of California postdocs who have been able to leverage union power to improve salaries and other benefits.
For the last 20 years of its existence, the Stanford University Postdoctoral Association (SURPAS, formerly SUPD) has taken on the bulk of advocacy for salary, benefits and housing, as well as social and networking activities on behalf of the postdoc community. There have been good faith efforts by SURPAS and a generally receptive administration over the past couple of decades, which have resulted in continuing, if incremental, improvements for postdoc welfare. Sofie Kleppner and the Office of Postdoctoral Affairs have been particularly helpful liaisons in recent years. Because of this, we already have many of the perks that the UC postdocs only now receive with their contracts. But there remains room for improvement in a variety of areas: addressing economic needs, clarifying postdoc classification, ensuring consistent mentoring, providing professional development and improving diversity.
Fortunately, Provost Drell and VPGE Gumport are well aware of many of the ongoing concerns postdocs have about their experience and where they stand in the Stanford community. They are already convinced of the contribution by postdocs to research and the educational mission of Stanford, and the importance of the postdoc community as a pipeline for future leadership in academia, industry and government. However, they were grateful for the powerful individual anecdotes that the attendees of the meeting were able to provide. Providing anecdotes from members of the postdoc community will be critical in helping this new leadership to convey the priority of our needs to various decision making bodies on campus.
With all of the troubling activity happening at the federal level, it is reassuring that the current political environment closer to home appears to be friendlier to postdocs.  Postdocs, along with other members of the Stanford community, have fresh opportunities for contributing to the campus culture and advocating our needs. We have been asked to aid with long-range planning initiatives by contributing proposals and participating on the review committees. Former long-range planning initiatives led to more housing for graduate students, and it may be possible to create solutions for postdocs. Although it is still in the early days, all signs point to room for optimism that postdocs can continue to see improvements in their experience at Stanford; postdocs just need to keep participating.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/05/22/trump-must-be-impeached-or-removed-for-incapacity/
Trump must be impeached or removed for incapacity
A consensus has emerged among serious people that Donald Trump’s presidency has become a national emergency.
It is old news that this view has long been espoused by America’s preeminent constitutional scholars and legal ethics experts, such as Larry Tribe, Richard W. Painter and Norm Eisen. Yet in recent days, their chorus of anxiety has been joined by prominent career public servants with close ties to the intelligence and law enforcement communities. These uncharacteristically vocal critics include Eric Holder, Preet Bharara, James Clapper, Michael Hayden and indeed, Jim Comey. It is noteworthy that many of these figures are centrists or even committed members of the Republican Party. Most until recently possessed high-level security clearances. Nearly all are, under normal circumstances, tight-lipped and far from alarmist. Yet they and a small army of leakers have taken to the public with a rare solemnity of purpose. Their message is amplified by informed and reliable journalists at the Washington Post and the New York Times. It is a simple one: The Trump administration poses an imminent threat to global security and the rule of law.
Yet it falls on too many deaf ears.
I worry the left is slow to grasp the magnitude of this assault on our institutions because it has too little respect for them. While it is no secret that our politics are badly polarized, a less reported-on phenomenon is the deep suspicion taking root on the left of law enforcement, intelligence agencies, career politicians and institutionalized American power in general. This cynicism is driven in part by the residual influence of the Vietnam generation on left-wing thought leaders. More recently, it has been echoed by critics of the so-called surveillance state who count Julian Assange and Edward Snowden among their heroes.
The impulse behind this distrust of American power is, I think, well intentioned and often badly needed. But in this particular instance it is driving conclusions that are wrong. These include the notions that center-left Democratic leaders are serially fraudulent enemies of the people, that terrorism and foreign autocracies are not serious threats and that American institutions do nothing to support people’s ability to live free lives. Such views have become a fiercely guarded part of many young progressives’ personal identity.
These left-leaning iconoclasts are unwitting allies of equally well intentioned but ill-informed ultra-conservatives in seeking to dismantle the entrenched sources of American power collectively derided as the “deep state”. Both sides voice grievances that deserve serious attention, especially when they decry rising income inequality and the influence of special interests on American policymaking. Yet if their more extreme wishes are fulfilled, in a spectacular implosion of American power, dangerous foreign adversaries will rejoice and liberalism will suffer.
At the moment, this cynicism has worrying consequences. Many in the public are loathe to acknowledge that so-called “fascists” in the Department of Justice, the American intelligence community and the Democratic Party leadership are critical allies in the high-stakes drama currently unfolding around President Trump.
The problem is exacerbated by the unwitting consumption by both left and right of “fake news,” a phenomenon recently detailed in a thoughtful piece in the Guardian. This pollution of our information ecosystem creates impenetrable echo chambers, entrenches misguided opinions and reduces the impact of the very real news breaking daily in the detested “MSM,” or mainstream media. It is beyond serious dispute that Russia, and indeed Trump, have played a role in this assault on truth.
This presidency is a global security risk, coming at a time when liberal institutions worldwide are under attack. It’s time to put party aside and stand together in defense of American democracy. In this case, that means little more than taking care that our laws are faithfully executed, including those requiring Trump’s impeachment and criminal prosecution for obstruction of justice.
If Republicans in the Congress continue to insulate the President in order to advance their short-term policy agenda, citizens should peaceably assemble to demand an immediate end to their dangerous obstructionism. The Republican Party’s Faustian bargain with Trump, struck to secure deregulation and judicial appointments, has taken a dark turn. The left’s distrust of American power, excessive decorum and material complacency have become self-defeating. It’s time to unite around shared core principles and rise to meet this unprecedented threat to our constitutional order.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/05/17/equivocation-addresses-government-theater-and-art-in-trumps-america/
‘Equivocation’ addresses government, theater and art in Trump’s America
I recently encountered a Facebook post describing a new provision that the Trump administration had put in place, another article to the AHCA impeding coverage for women who had received an epidural during childbirth. I read with the now familiar feeling that accompanies so much of my news intake – a quiet dread tinged with disbelief – until reaching the post’s final lines.  The new provision was fake, the post said at the very bottom, but the fact that the reader believed it reflected the absurdity of our contemporary political moment.
The era of “fake news” has warped our cultural capacity to parse reality from fiction.  The digital age has shifted our sense of who gets to deliver news, and where and to whom; it has stripped us of the once-held confidence that the media always presents the full truth.
“How could there be anything true about a play?” This line, from Bill Cain’s play “Equivocation,” makes me laugh.  Ironically, fiction so often speaks more truth than we accredit it, while what’s labeled “fact” may well be only reflect a sliver of the larger picture.  The Onion is funny because it mimics reality; Sean Spicer hiding in a bush to avoid the press is an Onion article come to life.  Television shows like “Game of Thrones,” which about warring families grasping at power through aggression and deceit, rise in popularity in an age when a nation’s people see their government led by a few powerful individuals who have not earned their trust. And didn’t “The Simpsons” predict Trump’s presidency 15 years before the media gave his presidency any credence?
“Equivocation” is a story about truth, media, power and art.  It follows Shagspeare (riffing on one of the many spellings of William Shakespeare’s name) as he is commissioned by King James’ official Robert Cecil to write a play on the monarchy-approved telling of the Gunpowder Plot. Shagspeare struggles to decide whether he should write a story he knows to be false, thereby solidifying ideas of Catholics as religious terrorists, or risk treason against the Crown in pursuit of the truth.
The characters in “Equivocation” are acutely aware of the power that fiction has on an audience and the power of the playwright to define a narrative.  They recognize that putting anything on a stage is a political act, and they feel the weight of that responsibility.  While the government asserts its own narrative, the artists question and engage until they find a narrative worthy of defending – a true narrative.
What can be true about a play?  Plays can ring true in their emotion, in their powerful portrayals of humans at their best and worse.  “Equivocation” includes family drama, duels and even witches, while depicting a power-hungry politician manipulating the media to secure his role and his boss’ reign, and the artists working to tell only the best and right story. This play rings true with its hauntingly familiar characters and power structure – and, throughout the process, with the struggle of artists to portray truth against all odds.
“Equivocation” runs May 18-20 at 8 p.m. in the Nitery Theater.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/05/09/secreto-a-voces/
Secreto a voces
Writer’s note: Andrea and Amy are pseudonyms used to protect the identity of the workers.
Millions of workers across the world and tens of thousands across California participated in protests on May 1 for May Day, also known as International Workers’ Day and, this year, Day without an Immigrant. But over 150 workers here at Stanford were threatened by their employer, Cushman & Wakefield (C&W), forcing them to choose between feeling secure in their jobs and attending the May Day marches. Stanford University subcontracts C&W to provide custodial services to all its academic buildings. A week prior to May Day, all C&W janitors at Stanford received the following letter from James B. Canavan, Vice President of Labor Relations at C&W, threatening them with “negative consequences for all parties concerned”:
Courtesy of Stanford SALA
C&W’s attempts at intimidation went beyond the letter. Andrea and Amy, two janitors who work at Stanford, explained that they were subjected to additional mockery by C&W’s administrators.
In the days leading up to May Day, when workers asked the administrators whether there would be any retaliation, the administrators contradicted their own letter and said they would only punish the union and not the workers. But, despite this assertion, the administrators emphasised the importance of workers performing their duty, and continued to demand a list of all workers who wouldn’t be coming into work on May Day.  While the tone of these conversations may have been mild, the threat of being placed on a list signified the strong possibility of future retaliation, especially for immigrant workers. Such threats are upsetting but not surprising in an industry that relies on exploiting immigrant workers and a company that has previously been called out by students and workers at Tufts University.
When Amy did show up to her worksite on May Day, she was surprised to find that there was hardly any work for her. Andrea and Amy realized that Stanford University had already prepared for a much lower number of workers on May Day. The examples of Google and Facebook affirming workers’ rights to take the day off also demonstrate that institutions like Stanford could easily cope with workers leaving to attend May Day rallies. Thus, C&W’s desire to keep workers away from the protests seems to have little to do with the practical concern of being understaffed. Instead, Andrea and Amy believe that C&W’s administration was largely afraid of the political dangers of worker unity and solidarity. Andrea said, “[C&W’s aim is] to dominate the workers, to tell us that we are eating from their hand.” She added, “They are scared that we will have power, that we are strong.”
C&W offered pizzas and cake to the workers who did show up to work on May Day instead of attending the marches. Andrea expressed her anger at this and other forms of appeasement and manipulation, “What [C&W] did frustrated us… We thought that we had a day to be united with the workers… and they robbed us of that. We were feeling good [when we were organizing]. It’s logical that we feel bad now, because they took away our freedom, our freedom to take the day on May 1st. And the mockery that they subjected us to by showing up with food on Monday!”
In the end, despite all of the risks to her job, Andrea did participate in the May Day rally on-campus. She joined close to 150 students, workers, faculty and staff, gathering at White Plaza and marching together. About the rally, she said, “[The march] is something that makes you feel very emotional, makes you feel good. You feel like you’re doing something like a human being, united with everyone.”
C&W actively obstructed workers’ freedom this May Day. Stanford University did little to stop them, and has refused to respond to community demands to “protect immigrant workers from discrimination,” despite the fact that such policies would lessen fears stoked by C&W’s threatening letters and lists. Some workers dared to speak up anyway, and many will continue to do so in the future until there is justice for workers and immigrants. It is the responsibility of the entire Stanford community to support campus janitors and all campus service workers in their current and future organizing, including pushing for the Sanctuary Now demands that will provide an extra measure of security as they fight. And it is all of our responsibility to be ready to fight back against any retaliation, whether that comes in a day, in a month, after school is out of session or in a year.
–Student And Labor Alliance (SALA)



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/05/09/countering-hateful-speech/
Countering hateful speech
This Wednesday, the Federalist Society chapter at Stanford Law School will welcome Professor Hadley Arkes of Amherst College to campus to speak about his natural law theory. Widely respected and cited for that theory, it will not be the only thing Professor Arkes brings to Stanford.
Professor Arkes’s record of aggressive antigay rhetoric comes with him. The two are inseparable. His comparisons of LGBTQ people to pedophiles, necrophiles, zoophiles, rapists and criminals have influenced other “academics,” church leaders and politicians in the United States and abroad. His work has also buoyed advocates of gay conversion therapy. These views represent the most extreme of my Christian church, and the worst of my Republican Party. Their distance from my own views makes me wish I could deny even the affiliation. But I am a Christian. I am a Republican. I am a member of the Federalist Society. I, and others like me, must recognize the affiliation. We must also confront it; and we must dispel it.
This is not to say that he should be uninvited or prevented from speaking. Rather, it is to counter speech with speech: He does not speak for my party. He does not speak for my faith. These are not my values.
Neither are they Stanford’s.
I hope, and pray, that Professor Arkes’s visit will present an opportunity to dispel ignorance, to confront hate and to foster love. I fear it may not, especially should the conversation become only about his right to speak or his freedom of speech. Professor Arkes is free to speak as he wishes. The students hosting him may do the same. But as they provide him a platform — and what’s more, compensation from their national umbrella organization — for his views, we must ask about the priorities of such a group, the wisdom of such a choice.
The choice to welcome him and the priorities it represents alienate and antagonize the group’s own LGBTQ members, like myself. They do the same to LGBTQ people and their allies who might be otherwise interested in the group or the events it holds. Promoting debate over legitimate ideas and promoting homophobia are two very different things, only one of which has value and has a place in our community.
Here’s the rub of so many conversations about speech on campuses and in our broader public discourse. Americans must remain free to spew specious calumny, but other Americans need not legitimize it. We need not amplify it. And we need not support it.
Professor Arkes will leave campus this week with an honorarium, the prestige of speaking at Stanford Law School, and the free publicity his inflammatory rhetoric will generate. But he should not leave thinking for one moment that he has spoken for all conservatives or for all Christians on this campus.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/05/02/what-the-review-gets-wrong-about-ethnic-theme-dorms/
What The Review gets wrong about ethnic theme dorms
My freshman year, I was unexpectedly assigned housing in Casa Zapata. I had no idea what to expect, and I was a bit nervous about whether or not I’d be accepted into the community at this official-sounding “Chicano/Latino Ethnic Theme Dorm”–especially because I am not Hispanic, Chicana, or Latina. My freshman year residential experience turned out to be more stimulating and supportive than I could have ever imagined. After just a short time living in Casa Zapata, I knew without a doubt that there was nowhere else I would rather have spent my freshman year.
Last week, the Stanford Review editorial board published an article titled “Stanford’s Housing Bubble? An Investigation of Ethnic Theme Dorms.” The Review’s editorial board expressed concerns about the dangers of segregation and isolation within ethnic themed housing on campus —apparent petri dishes for activism, echo chambers and non-engagement with the broader student body. The article contains several serious misconceptions about ethnic theme housing at Stanford, and I’d like to present my own perspective from having lived in ethnic theme housing for a year and a half.
Of the primary sources that the Review used in their article, six were students from colleges without ethnic theme dorms, such as Harvard, Brown and Yale. I am personally flummoxed why people who have never been even tangentially exposed to ethnic theme housing on their own campuses were deemed by the Review to be the most important and insightful sources in an article on ethnic theme housing at Stanford. Only two Stanford students were interviewed, one of whom later said that the Review had strongly cherry-picked and misrepresented her perspective (the Review article has since been edited from its original version).
In its article, the Review’s editorial board asserts or implies multiple times that ethnic theme dorms allow students to remain cocooned in their comfort zones, stymying intellectual and personal growth by isolating themselves within a homogenous community. They then assert that the role of a liberal arts college is to challenge students and that “a trade off exists between living in the comfort of a familiar environment and expanding one’s horizons.”
The charge that freshmen who live in ethnic theme dorms are deprived of an opportunity for personal and intellectual growth is laughable. For one, ethnic theme dorms are not homogenous. It is entirely untrue that “students are surrounded by upperclassmen of one particular ethnicity” in ethnic theme dorms. Even among the people living within an ethnic theme dorm who pertain to that dorm’s ethnic theme (which is about fifty percent), there is a diversity of languages, races, socio-economic backgrounds, cultural backgrounds, religions, ideas and identities.
For example, it is absurd to imagine that a student from an upper class Haitian family, another from inner city Detroit and another from an LA suburb would be in an entirely familiar and unchallenged environment living together. In the Review’s simplistic argument, these students would be doing a disservice to their liberal arts education by living together in Ujamaa, even though every other aspect of their life at Stanford includes interactions with the whole student body. Some students who did not grow up in communities of their same ethnicity will gravitate towards an ethnic theme dorm for the exact opposite reason that the Review’s article suggests: not because they want to be comfortable surrounded by people just like them, but because they have never been around others of their own ethnicity in their home community or high school.
Furthermore, ethnic theme dorms put a tremendous amount of effort into engaging their residents with critical thinking and difficult conversations, hallmarks of the kind of liberal arts education that the Review claims ethnic theme dorms, by their nature, cannot provide. Living in Zapata, I was constantly challenged, stimulated and encouraged to learn. There were theme presentations, charlitas (casual talks hosted by the ethnic theme associates) and a quarter-long theater production, all of which provoked thoughtful discussion and engagement within the house.
In the Review’s narrative, the famously close-knit communities of the ethnic theme dorms were portrayed as much more sinister and exclusive. They quoted an anonymous freshman who said that her ethnic theme dorm could feel “isolating and segregating” both from within the community and to people outside of it. There will always be people who don’t enjoy living in an ethnic theme community. But the same can be said for the many students who don’t feel as if they belong in their all-freshman dorm communities. Stating that one person doesn’t like the environment in their ethnic theme dorm is sad and should be addressed for that individual but is hardly a basis for a sweeping argument that ethnic theme dorms are isolated or unwelcoming as a whole.
I am a white person who had a phenomenal, challenging and loving freshman experience in an ethnic theme dorm, and I wouldn’t have had it any other way. I wrote this op-ed mostly in response to the Stanford Review’s article, but also to put to bed the larger idea that ethnic theme dorms are only valuable for a narrow subset of people and only for a narrow set of reasons. I found tremendous personal value in living in Casa Zapata as a freshman, but my own positive experience is by no means what makes Casa Zapata or other ethnic theme dorms so important, and indeed so necessary, at Stanford. People have found challenges, support, strength and home within ethnic theme dorms for dozens of reasons, many of which neither I nor the Review touched on. I urge anybody reading this to seek out other perspectives from people who live or have lived in an ethnic theme dorm on campus (i.e., this article). You will find a wealth of diverse reasons why ethnic theme dorms matter so dearly to many of your peers here at Stanford.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/04/14/stanfords-moral-voice-should-be-commensurate-with-its-privilege/
Stanford’s moral voice should be commensurate with its privilege
There has been a great deal of concern about the rhetoric and policies of the new Trump administration. Trump’s promise to “build a wall,” “ban Muslims” and deport “bad hombres” has produced anxiety for many, fear for others and terror for those that have been directly impacted by such threats. One video shows a child’s father being taken away by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) as she is heard sobbing in the background.
The students of Stanford Sanctuary Now (SSN) have organized a significant coalition of students to request that Stanford declare itself a “sanctuary” campus, among other demands. In a meeting with Stanford President Marc Tessier-Lavigne, Stanford has agreed to enact some of the goals of “sanctuary” while avoiding the label. The students have made several demands, some of which the administration has agreed to, some of which have yet to be fulfilled, and some the administration has denied. It is encouraging that the administration is willing to engage the students in this important dialogue.
So why should any of this matter? After all, it would seem that relatively few students and workers at Stanford are likely to be affected by these policies and rhetoric. The University’s president has said he doesn’t want to raise the university’s profile any more than necessary, lest the University become a target of retaliation. Indeed, both Trump and Jeff Sessions, the U.S. Attorney General, have indicated that they intend to target those cities and institutions who declare themselves sanctuaries.
But let’s be clear: These are not normal times. Since Trump’s election, the incidence of hate crimes and threats have skyrocketed. The Southern Poverty Law Center reports that there were 1,094 reported incidents of bias in first 34 days after the election. These incidents included everything from verbal harassment to graffiti to shootings and arson against mosques. Those targeted include women, people of color, Jews, members of the LGBTQ+ community and, of course, Muslims. We have seen some these incidents right here on the Stanford campus and in the Bay Area. The Evergreen Islamic Center in San Jose was one of three California mosques that received a hand-written letter claiming that Muslims are “Children of Satan” and warning that Trump will do to Muslims what “Hitler did to the Jews.”
And let’s not forget that Trump himself has used racist language and encouraged violence, even offering to pay the legal bills of those who commit violence. This is an affront to all our values as a society and an academic institution. So while the University has acceded to some of the requests of SSN, the University can and should do more.
The Stanford administration has declined to declare itself a sanctuary campus because, they say, the term is “not well-defined.” And yet that is exactly why the University can and should declare itself a sanctuary without fear of retribution. The Trump administration will attempt to make cities, states and institutions pay a cost for attempting to do what they believe is in the best interest of their citizens and communities. But without a well-defined meaning of the term, their efforts will amount to little more than jousting at windmills.
But there are at least three more reasons for Stanford to declare itself a sanctuary campus. First, it would provide an unequivocal declaration that Stanford, consistent with its own “Fundamental Standard” values, intends to protect all those within the Stanford community. While the Stanford administration has made some tentative steps toward protecting those who are undocumented, it has remained mostly silent. Timidity emboldens the oppressor and does not reassure those who are most at risk.
Second, there is safety in numbers. Imagine the possibilities of such a declaration: schools, communities, and churches by the thousands – all over the country –declaring themselves sanctuaries, declaring that they refuse to allow families to be torn apart and their communities harmed. Imagine what injustice could have been prevented if more institutions – including schools and churches – had spoken out leading up to the Holocaust, Japanese internment or any number of other atrocities. As Pastor Martin Niemöller said, “First they came for the socialists, and I didn’t say anything because I wasn’t a socialist … Then they came for the Jews, and I didn’t say anything because I wasn’t a Jew. Then they came for me – and there was no one left to speak for me.”
Finally, if Stanford declares itself a sanctuary campus, not only would the University be renowned for its technical and academic prowess, but it would be viewed as a moral leader willing to stand up to the growing xenophobia and violence of this president and his administration. Imagine the possibility of the most prestigious universities around the country standing up to bigotry and hate.
There are times when we should play it safe, and there are times when we should take risks, especially when we can use our prestige, power and privilege to protect others and preserve the values of our institutions and communities. Stanford has an abundance of all three that it can use to protect this community and create hope and pride in its leadership. The Trump administration will not last forever, but history will ask us: Which side were you on?



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/04/03/trumps-phone-tapping-allegation-only-make-his-russia-connections-look-worse/
Trump’s “phone-tapping” allegation only make his Russia connections look worse
House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes (R-CA) recently announced that Trump transition team members were under inadvertent NSA surveillance after the 2016 elections. On the surface, Nunes’ comments appear to corroborate White House claims that President Obama wiretapped Trump Tower phones. Mr. Trump has taken comfort in the report’s findings claiming that they “somewhat vindicate” him.
They don’t. The National Security Agency (NSA) is the primary government entity charged with monitoring, collecting and processing information for foreign intelligence and counter-intelligence purposes. NSA agents can only conduct direct surveillance on phone conversations initiated outside U.S. territory. There are only two ways the federal government can initiate surveillance on a foreign target.
First, senior intelligence officials can obtain a special court order confirming that their proposed wiretap procedures are constitutional, non-invasive, properly directed at a foreign target and protect domestic callers. These court orders typically allow the Justice Department to monitor a target for up to one year.
In the alternative, the Attorney General and National Intelligence Director could certify that there is not enough time to obtain a warrant and that critical national security information would be lost if the government had to wait for court approval. Under this second method, the government must submit a report within seven days after initiating surveillance.
NSA agents could have tapped phone calls to, and from, Trump Tower only if domestic callers were speaking with vetted foreign intelligence targets. The mere fact, however, that Trump staffers were inadvertent surveillance targets does not prove much. Since 2013, the NSA has inadvertently collected millions of U.S. citizens’ phone records. These files document call sender and recipient telephone numbers, call duration and location, as well as phone identification information.
We should not evaluate this evidence in a vacuum, though. The NSA’s inadvertent data collection becomes more suspicious when viewed in concert with other factors. For instance, Congress is currently investigating Trump’s administration for its alleged connections to the Kremlin. Several Trump confidants have also resigned because outsiders questioned their rosy rapport with Vladimir Putin’s autocratic regime. Where there’s smoke, there’s fire.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/03/14/dont-de-racialize-the-tempest/
Don’t de-racialize ‘The Tempest’
The recent TAPS production of “The Tempest” fell far short of the mark in its treatment of race. If you haven’t seen it, “The Tempest” is about Prospero, a sorcerer and the rightful duke of Milan, who lives in exile on a Caribbean island with his daughter and their slave, Caliban. The story revolves around a shipwreck of other European nobles on the island, and among the typical hijinks of an Elizabethan marriage plot, the European characters imagine the utopian possibilities of an empty new world (“Had I plantation of this isle, my lord … and were the king on ‘t, what would I do?”). Meanwhile, Caliban, the son of the witch who was the original inhabitant of the island, embodies the racialized “other” against the Europeans as a sort of ambiguous combination of the white imagining of Native Americans and of African slaves; prior to his enslavement, he actually taught Prospero how to survive on the island.
I found it strange, and suggestive of privilege on the part of the production team, that the theme of race and the “other” was largely de-emphasized, or even ignored in favor of a spritely, magical presentation of a New World full of possibility. I believe that in the modern context, there is an obligation when reproducing works which contain and perpetuate racism and justification of colonialism to contextualize them meaningfully and to make clear that we do not continue to support these values. In the multiple essays published in the 54-page program, there was some brief acknowledgment of the violence of colonialism, but always distanced from the present viewer and buried behind the authors’ theses on other subjects. The production itself was inexplicably racially problematic in ways that were not artistically or historically necessitated.
The entire cast was white or white-passing, including Caliban (the student body of Stanford is 43 percent white, according to the Diversity and Access Office). Prospero justifies Caliban’s enslavement by saying he treated him well until Caliban allegedly sought to “violate the honor” of his daughter. The rhetoric of enslavement of a subhuman “other” to protect a white woman’s purity certainly does not become de-racialized just because all of the actors can be perceived as white. Although perhaps a legitimate interpretation of the script, I was bothered that the production team actively legitimized this narrative by having Caliban grab his genitals and literally lunge at Miranda in this scene, right at the beginning of the play. If the intent was to de-literalize the enactment of the racist fantasy of predatory men of color by having this character be white-passing (to the extent that that could even be possible), it might have helped to have some visible people of color elsewhere in the show to connote this.
What I found most alarming, however, was a scene in the second part of the play with Stephano, a “drunken butler,” and Trinculo, the king’s jester. In this scene, the pair are distracted by some fancy clothes, and they literally start voguing. Voguing is of course an art form by and for Black and Latinx queer communities, but in this play it was presented not in that context, but rather as just a fun way for the comic characters of the European court to dance. This scene actively continues the colonial legacy by treating non-European, non-white cultures like a costume one can don to revel in the possibility of a life outside of European normative power structures, only to reify the supremacy and necessity of these power structures to restore “order” to the world. This was a clear appropriation of Black art to decorate this “de-racialized” version of “The Tempest.”
I can fully believe that the racism in this production was the result of ignorance on the part of the production team rather than malice, but the outcome is nevertheless extremely problematic as it works to support white supremacy. While it is now too late to fix this production, I’d like to call on the artistic direction and on TAPS as a whole to work to repair this harm, perhaps by having a public conversation with students about how to better include the voices of PoC in future productions.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/03/13/silence-is-admission/
Silence is admission
A limited snapshot of the last two months: two Muslim bans, four mosques set ablaze, four transwomen brutally murdered, a Sikh man shot in Kent, a black Muslim teenager hanged outside Seattle and more than 140 bomb threats against Jewish Community Centers. We, as members of Jewish Voice for Peace, see anti-Semitism as one manifestation of this rampant bigotry and refuse to be isolated by fear that anti-Semitism seeks to sow. Silence is admission, and we will not forget.
Anti-Semitism is palpable on campus, not only in swastikas scrawled on street signs or in offensive fliers printed on many university printers, but also in microaggressions, careless comments in the ASSU and The Stanford Review articles that exploit the Jewish struggle as a political weapon.
However, anti-Semitism is by no means localized to Stanford, nor is it new to the United States. Anti-Jewish bigotry is embedded within American history, and in living memory Jewish people have experienced systematic persecution. It is vital to remember now the immigration restrictions on Jewish refugees beginning in 1924, redlining and housing discrimination against Jews in American cities, and Jewish admission quotas at institutions like Stanford as late as the 1960s.
With the rise of other forms of bigotry, anti-Semitism has become increasingly visible in the United States. In recent months, Jewish communities around the country have been targeted by persistent acts of hate: six waves of bomb threats phoned into Jewish community centers since New Years, vandalization of Jewish cemeteries in Rochester, St. Louis and Philadelphia, and gunshots fired at the Tampa, Florida JCC. Meanwhile, President Trump has suggested that these hate crimes are “the reverse,” that they were manufactured to damage his reputation. It is important to recognize that, unlike Trump, Stanford has released statements directly condemning recent anti-Semitic incidents, something the University has not done for many other hate crimes on campus.
Most important to understand is that anti-Semitism is not an isolated force, but one of many forms of very prevalent intolerance and ignorance in the United States – it is one part of a larger array of experiences of oppression, something that many of us, including Jews of color, low-income Jews, queer Jews and disabled Jews, have known for a long time. Thus, these anti-Semitic assaults demand that the Stanford community come together in a political moment divided by hate and fear. Coming together means explicitly, deliberately and materially supporting and advocating for other marginalized groups. It means acknowledging the privilege and power we have and how we each contribute to systems of oppression. It means actively and vocally recognizing that we live on colonized land and taking real and challenging action in support of indigenous-led efforts for justice. It means unwavering ally-ship with Muslim communities that doesn’t leave Palestine out. It means internal reflection, education and criticism. It means understanding the ways our struggles align. As Stanford Jewish Voice for Peace, we are devoted to working toward these aspirations of solidarity, inclusion and collective liberation. We recognize the importance of remaining continually accountable to those with Muslim, Palestinian, Latinx, black, brown, trans, immigrant, queer, disabled, low-income and otherwise marginalized identities in our activism.
To the Stanford Jewish community: Now is also a time for self-care, for building support systems and for sharing and listening. This nationwide anti-Semitism may seem both removed and deeply personal; this political moment is a chapter of an intergenerational narrative of oppression and resilience. Many of us have grown up on our parents’ and grandparents’ memories of violence, dispossession, forced migration, fear and trauma, and have lived and breathed that legacy our entire lives. The past month of bomb threats and cemetery desecrations has been especially jarring – many of these Jewish Community Centers hold daycares during the times in which the threats were phoned in. These gravestones bear the names of Holocaust survivors, of Jewish immigrants who hoped for a life for their children free of fear, of a generation of survivors. These recent acts of terror threaten our communities literally from childhood until death and remind us of the lifelong struggle against bigotry. Our communal experiences are a prism through which we can begin to understand and support all those currently under attack. It is our duty to rise together as we speak out.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/03/07/what-now-of-michael-flynn/
What now of Michael Flynn?
President Donald Trump’s national security advisor, Michael Flynn, recently resigned from his post last month. Flynn’s early departure was closely connected with his private sanctions discussions with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Shortly after President Obama retaliated against Moscow for interfering in the recent election, Flynn reportedly reached out to Kislyak to reassure him that the incoming administration would lift the penalties. Many campus political groups have expressed concern about these revelations. Politics, however, is not the half of it. Flynn arguably violated two federal statutes during his rendezvous with the Kremlin’s consul, the Logan Act and a separate statute criminalizing lying to federal officials about matters related to that official’s job.
The Logan Act was passed to prevent private citizens from interfering with diplomatic negotiations between the federal government and foreign nations. Michael Flynn violated this criminal statute if 1) he communicated with a foreign government, 2) his communication was intended to influence the foreign nation’s actions and 3) he was not authorized by the President or his subordinates to negotiate on the United States’ behalf.
FBI reports corroborate that Flynn did speak with Ambassador Kislyak, a forgiven diplomat. Moreover, immediately after the Flynn-Kislyak talks concluded, President Trump took to Twitter to praise Vladimir Putin for his decision to forgo retaliatory sanctions against the United States. It can be rather difficult to ascertain an individual’s intent. The suspicious timing of Flynn’s intervention, however, in tandem with President Trump’s rapid response highly suggests that Flynn wanted to influence Russia’s response to the Obama penalties. Finally, Flynn was not authorized to conduct diplomatic negotiations as an American representative because President Trump had not yet assumed the duties of the Oval Office.
So has Flynn purchased a one-way ticket up the river? Not quite. One way the president can exercise her duty “to faithfully execute the laws” is by declining to enforce certain criminal statutes. The current administration clearly recognizes that prosecuting Flynn would be the equivalent of courting a self-inflicted public relations wound. The government, moreover, has never secured a Logan Act conviction in the statute’s two hundred and eighteen-year history. Some commentators have also suggested that the law is unconstitutional because it prohibits citizens from speaking on certain issues and is worded vaguely. The short of the matter is that the statute may violate our governing charter, has never been enforced, and Mr. Trump, in any event, has a positive disincentive to not enforce it.
Don’t throw in your towel just yet, though. Flynn also violated 18 U.S.C. §1001, a federal criminal law that prohibits one from lying to a federal official about a subject within that official’s duties. Flynn tried to conceal his involvement in the sanctions talks from Trump’s closest colleagues. Indeed, he allegedly told Vice President Pence that he did not discuss U.S. sanctions with Ambassador Kislyak, which led Mr. Pence to unknowingly parrot this fib on several Sunday morning talk shows. 18 U.S.C. § 1001, unlike the Logan Act, has been actively enforced against high level officials in the recent past — even when the offending public servant served in the same administration pressing charges against her. Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff James Cartwright was charged with violating that statute after he lied to the FBI about his role in leaking classified documents to the press. One wonders, though, whether Trump’s Justice Department will devote scarce time and resources to uphold the rule of law — especially when that goal conflicts with political expediency. If the past is the best future indicator, perhaps we ought not hold our breath.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/03/05/why-the-review-is-wrong-again/
Why The Review is wrong – again
It’s elections season, which means The Review has to stir up some drama yet again. This time they are advocating that ASSU Senator salaries should be rerouted through DGen, which will compensate Senators and Cabinet members who “display financial need.” Their proposed solution to a nonexistent problem reveals the complete lack of thought they put into this referendum. In the process, The Review explicitly lies to the student body in their article.
Here is the explicit lie in their article: “And yet, their salaries are funded by the student activities fee, meaning they come directly from the pocket of the average student.” Wrong! Our salary is actually funded through the ASSU Endowment, not the student fee. This is, unfortunately, not the full extent of their lack of awareness.
The Review fails to realize the law makes an explicit distinction between student government officials and the position of VSO officers. Student government officials are entitled a stipend, not a salary. This distinction is very important because senators, much like the officers of VSOs, would easily be paid below the minimum wage for the number of hours we work. Even more troubling is that, even if VSO officers were paid salaries, they would probably exceed the legal cap on the number of hours they can work. While the Review does not contend that VSO officers should not get paid, they naively advocate that, similar to the officers of VSOs, Senators should not get paid without considering the legal differences between the two. The Senate’s stipend is in accordance with the law, whereas, officer salaries could not be justified under this exception and would lead to legal problems for the ASSU.
It is precisely The Review’s failure to understand this regulatory framework that leads them to create a nonsense solution to a nonexistent problem. There are two policy options for paying senators. One is the current system where all senators, independent of financial circumstance, are paid a consistent salary. The advantage of this system is that the financial status of a senator — private and sensitive information — is not revealed. The alternative, proposed by The Review, involves funds being sent through DGen. DGen cannot rightly compensate senators for serving on the Senate to make up for the opportunity cost of potentially having pursued work study instead without entering a slippery slope. DGen will then have to pay any FLI student who pursues any activity that does not pay in order to make up for the cost they incurred from not pursuing work study instead of that activity.
I doubt The Review consulted with DGen about the office’s ability to implement their proposal. The DGen Office operates the Opportunity Fund, which provides low-income students with short-term funds for large unexpected costs like school supplies or emergency travel funds. Additionally, anybody who has talked to DGen knows that it is critically understaffed and overworked. To add on the business of verifying the financial status of all senators and allocating the salaries of low-income senators is neither in line with the way DGen works nor is it cognizant of its capacity to take on more work.
The ASSU recognizes the incredible work that the DGen Office takes and fully supports their mission. The Undergraduate Senate has partnered with the DGen often in the past, with two of the most recent examples being funding spring break meals through use of the Senate discretionary and a $35,000 allocation establishing the Full House Fund, designed to reduce the financial barrier for low-income students and students on financial aid to apply for funds to subsidize club dues or fees.
In conclusion, The Review’s referendum is a poorly-thought-out solution to a nonexistent problem intended more to stir up drama than to address legitimate student concerns.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/03/03/got-milk-with-dignity/
Got milk with dignity?
Countless representatives from large corporations speak at Stanford every quarter. Stanford students allowed into these talks have a level of access to CEOs and business executives that workers who sustain those businesses have to fight for. Recognizing this privilege as a responsibility, five student organizations, including Student and Labor Alliance (SALA), decided to support Vermont dairy workers by holding Jostein Solheim, the CEO of Ben and Jerry’s, accountable to farmworkers’ demands when he visited campus two weeks ago.
It started when Stanford’s Graduate School of Business invited Solheim to speak as part of their ongoing Global Speakers Series on the topic of  “Conscious Capitalism.” Through Migrant Justice, an organization of Vermont farmworkers working to win economic justice and human rights, SALA learned that Ben & Jerry’s had not followed through on a public commitment it made to dairy workers back in June 2015. In anticipation of Solheim’s talk, SALA invited members of Migrant Justice to speak about working conditions in Vermont’s dairy industry.
In 2015, Ben & Jerry’s committed to joining Migrant Justice’s Milk with Dignity Program. Milk with Dignity is founded on the transformative worker-driven social responsibility model originated with Florida’s Coalition of Immokalee Workers, a model that flips the script on corporate social responsibility by placing the power where it really belongs: with workers. Nearly two years later, farmworkers still don’t have a legally-binding agreement in hand.
The majority of Vermont’s 1,200-1,500 immigrant farmworkers are part of the state’s iconic but struggling dairy industry.  Ironically, the only player in their entire dairy supply chain who makes a decent living off the main ingredient in Ben & Jerry’s world famous ice cream is Ben & Jerry’s.
While those at the top of the supply chain get rich, the market’s downward pressure on farm income has real consequences for farmworkers’ wages and working conditions. In the summer of 2014, Migrant Justice surveyed 176 farmworkers, over 10 percent of immigrant dairy workers in the state finding that 29 percent regularly work 7 or more hours without a break to eat, 30 percent have had a work related injury or illness, 40 percent receive less than VT minimum wage and 40 percent don’t have a day off (meaning many work 12+ hours a day, 365 days a year). Echoing these dismal statistics, Thelma Gomez, a member of the coordinating committee of Migrant Justice, reflected on her experience with farmwork: “I once lived on a farm where we had to live in the barn. And there was no bathroom, and there were many hours of work, and they didn’t pay even minimum wage, and there was no day off.”
On top of this, behind Ben & Jerry’s happy go lucky facade of dancing cows, family farms and bright blue skies, dairy farms are among the nation’s most dangerous workplaces. For example, the N.Y. State Department of Health reports 61 fatalities on New York dairy farms from 2006 to 2014 alone. Workplace fatality rates in New York state’s agriculture, forestry, fishing and hunting industries are fifteen times the state workplace average.
During the Q&A section of Solheim’s February 17th talk, students from SALA pressed Solheim to define if and when he planned to honor Ben & Jerry’s 2015 public commitment to stand for the human rights of farmworkers in his Northeast dairy supply chain by joining Migrant Justice’s Milk with Dignity Program. Solheim shared: “If you want to ensure that you have no human rights abuses in your supply chain the only way you can do that is through a worker-led program. It’s the absolute only way. The only way you can know is if you’ve created the conditions where every worker can self report without fear of reprisal … That is a sure fact and there is no other way of addressing it.”
Despite this promising response, members of SALA continued to push Solheim to clarify his intentions as to when he would sign an agreement. Solheim responded: “I have in my bag a contract that I hope I’m going to sign next week but we’ll see…”
We look forward to the signing of this contract, and hope to soon hear good news from Vermont dairy workers.
In the meantime, we look forward to working with Stanford students to hold Ben & Jerry’s and other corporations accountable for supporting the human rights and listening to the demands of the people who enable their profits.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/03/01/its-time-to-reform-ways-requirements/
It’s time to reform WAYS requirements
A student who had taken eight economics PhD courses and two reading courses from me, his pre-major adviser, asked to substitute any two for two beginner economics classes to meet the Social Inquiry (SI) WAYS requirement. Request denied.
The same student, an International Physics Olympiad gold medalist, also asked that any two of PHYSICS 160/260: Astrophysics, 220: Electrodynamics and 211: Continuum Mechanics be credited to meet his Scientific Method and Analysis (SMA) requirement. Nope.
Other horror stories abound, with most advanced students giving up and taking courses that are well below what they want to and should be taking. One student, a gold medalist at the International Mathematical Olympiad headed for a top PhD program in math and statistics is sitting through ECON 102A: Introduction to Statistical Methods, which he is more than qualified to TA. There is the violinist-pianist who took MUSIC 19A: Introduction to Music Theory and another International Physics Olympiad gold medalist taking PHYSICS 21: Mechanics, Fluids and Heat.
I have been trying for almost a year to get a sane resolution for my advisee — first going to Harry Elam, who then sent me to the WAYS committee or “Breadth Governance Board” (BGB) headed by David Palumbo-Liu. The BGB, which unfortunately bears no resemblance to the BFG, has a weak and changing list of excuses for its behavior.
First, graduate courses could not be counted. Then, they could be under certain circumstances but only if the professor applied for WAYS certification before the student took the course, which was impossible since the system did not previously allow faculty to submit graduate courses and in any event would have disqualified all courses already taken. Now, they are walking back from even that limited acceptance. Advanced courses were regarded as insufficiently empirical or experimental, even though they certainly topped their WAYS-eligible counterparts in these dimensions.
My advisees for whom science is in one ear and out the other have no trouble meeting their SMA requirements, and my weakest all-around students also have no trouble because everything they touch seems to be WAYS-eligible. I’m fine with that — someone who is a talented writer but struggles with science shouldn’t have to spend half their time meeting a science requirement. But should the strongest students be forced to take the same classes?
Philip Levis of the BGB wrote the following to me: “Ninety-eight different courses, ranging from aero/astro to Earth sciences to biology to electrical engineering, satisfy SMA. I’d suggest that you help [your student] find courses [that] are simultaneously interesting to him and satisfy SMA. More generally, super smart students who are doing fantastic research and have great scholarly potential aren’t excused from Stanford’s requirement to receive a liberal arts education.”
I believe this misses the point entirely. Yes, my advisee could take a chemistry course instead of more physics (though he knows all the material in the WAYS-eligible chemistry courses too). He could also take PSYC 135: Sleep and Dreams. But if there are distribution requirements that can be met with physics courses, this student has surely met them, and it is bureaucratic arrogance and insensitivity to legitimate student concerns that are trying to force him to take low-level courses he doesn’t want. These science students are not trying to get out of their non-science requirements; they just want to be allowed to take more appropriate science courses.
I have spoken to faculty who were members of the committee that set the original breadth requirements. One said that she had heard of several similar problems and that there was “a significant disconnect between the intent of the legislation and its implementation.” Another told me that the BGB’s implementation performance was originally on the faculty senate agenda for last year, but the committee lobbied to have it pushed back to this year. And this year, they successfully lobbied to have it pushed to next year.
While officially the only appeal of a WAYS committee decision is to the Provost — and then only for procedural inaccuracies — this is not strictly true. According to one sympathetic BGB member, Stanford “does have a type of work-around process that involves a group of staff trying to find quasi-passable substitute classes for seniors who are short a WAYS — and this process does NOT involve the WAYS board.” But for reasons I don’t really understand, this process, under Associate Dean for UAR Randall Williams, failed us too.
So the only remaining recourse we have is the Provost, and I will write to Persis Drell as soon as I finish writing this.
Decisions about whether an advanced class can substitute for a lower-level WAYS class in the same field should be left to the relevant academic department. Next year’s review of the BGB should devolve power to the departments, relieving the administrative burden on the BGB while simultaneously producing superior outcomes. It is time for the WAYS committee to get out of the way.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/02/28/where-are-you-from/
Where are you from?
On Friday, Feb. 24, a Stanford police officer pulled me over on my bike on Serra Street in front of Memorial Auditorium. My department is split between the auditorium and Roble Gym, two buildings on opposite sides of campus, and I often have to rush on my bike from one building to another. On Friday, I was hurrying from a departmental event in Memorial Hall to meet a graduate student in Roble Gym.  I ran a stop sign, and seconds later, a Stanford Police SUV showed up behind me, with a police officer asking me to stop, using a car-mounted megaphone. I stopped, and, as he was exiting his car, the officer yelled at me to come closer, which I dutifully did, and then asked me if I noticed what just happened. I said I did, and his next question floored me. In an aggravated voice, Sgt. Adam Cullen blurted into my face: “Where are you from?” I cringed at the thought of how Sgt. Cullen would come across to my non-American born students, colleagues and staff members who not only don’t sound like him, but who also don’t look like him.
Some three years ago, I made the same traffic violation, and my experience with Stanford Police was completely different. As on Friday, I knew what I did and made no complaints; unlike on Friday, the police officer was respectful and above all professional. He issued me a ticket and a Bike Safety Class info, warned me to be careful for my own safety and the safety of others, and then we went on our ways. No yelling or asking where I was from. Since then, I brought up this incident several times in my introductory seminar “Law and Drama” as an illustration of the fundamental purpose of the law to mediate between a citizen and the community. What am I to say about my encounter with Sgt. Cullen? In the meantime, did the fundamental purpose of the law change from mediation to ethnic and national identification and segregation?
In my academic discipline, the classic example of subject formation involves these kinds of encounters with cops. Coming from the place of the law, the simple address “Hey you!” makes the subject stop in her rails and recognize herself in the image that the law projects onto her. We are not only what we feel we are; we are summoned into our identities by a regulatory power. In the academese, this process has a fancy name: performative interpellation. Interpellation, because it is a call to which one is compelled to respond; performative, because this response generates, to a considerable degree, the respondent’s subjectivity. What am I to make of the performative interpellation that the police officer issued to me on Friday afternoon? If his initial address to me was, more or less, “hey you,” the one that followed my response tried to pin me down as who I am, and not for what I did or didn’t do.
Lack of appropriate training and personal manners aside, Sgt. Cullen’s question indicates the downside of the dream of an apolitical university. If we remove politics from Stanford e-mails and news media, it will surely come back in other, much more inappropriate and potentially violent forms. The purpose of an open discussion is for the members of the community to exchange ideas and educate one another in the process. My experiences on Friday suggest that some members of Stanford Police have gaps in their education about the community they are policing and for what purpose. I’d be more than happy to invite any of them to visit my introductory seminar when I offer it next time. As in the past, I will bring the positive example of the police that mediates instead of persecuting. When it doesn’t mediate, the law excludes. When it does that on the basis of how subjects appear, the community reaches the very limit of democracy.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/02/28/clearing-the-ground-clearing-the-air-learning-to-breathe/
Clearing the ground, clearing the air, learning to breathe
It is the February 2017 edition of the annual celebration of Black History Month. When this edition of Black History Month concludes, the presidency of Barack Hussein Obama will be less than two months in the past and the presidency of Donald John Trump will be less than two months in existence. These three things — 2017 Black History Month, recent end of Obama presidency, recent beginning of Trump presidency — form a once-in-a-lifetime triad giving us a once-in-a-lifetime window through which to illuminate and see Barack Hussein Obama.
Moreover, President Obama’s already-activated decision to very actively involve himself and many supporters in the political rumble and tumble under President Trump is another reason enabling and supporting a fresh perspective on who President Obama is.
I
Donald Trump defeated Hillary Clinton because African Americans deserted President Obama.
That’s one way to put it.
In an election that is very close or somewhat close, it’s tempting and easy to find a one-and-only reason for the outcome. Countering that inclination is the easy if true “combination of factors” assessment.
In no way rejecting the “combination of factors” assessment, solidly supporting that viewpoint, I will nevertheless anchor in the single-reason analysis that began this writing: Donald Trump defeated Hillary Clinton because African Americans deserted President Obama.
Why did African Americans desert President Obama?
Because President Obama is not an African American.
That is the short answer.
The long answer is a long story that must be very carefully told.
We will get to it.
 II
I am an African American.
I am African American first and foremost because my wonderful mother was African American.
You are who your mother is.
III
I have a German great-great-grandmother. Words cannot adequately describe how profoundly my heart and soul are German.
See my op-ed column in The Washington Post of Saturday, February 27, 2010. It is mainly about my German great-great-grandmother, Katherine Gehring.
At age seventeen, Katherine Gehring came to the United States from Leutershausen, Bavaria. She married my great-great-grandfather,  Benjamin C. Taylor – Buffalo, New York’s first black doctor. The marriage  occurred in Buffalo on May 28, 1846. I have a copy of the marriage certificate.
A page from the 1850 Buffalo census shows Benjamin and Katherine,
their two children at that time, and their neighbors. That page has a column titled “Country of origin.” The entries in that column go Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, and on and on. Benjamin and Katherine lived in Buffalo’s German community and raised their eleven children there. I have photographs of Benjamin and Katherine and several of their children. Buffalo’s African American community was the community into which I was born. I am the eldest of the three children my African American parents had. The older of my two sisters died in 1983 of multiple sclerosis. She was an accomplished playwright. My kid sister is a retired professor of psychology. When I was eleven years old, my most excellent father bought a home for his family. Many rooms, large handsome porch, large beautiful back yard made more beautiful by my mother.
This marvelous home precisely split the African American and Italian communities of Buffalo. Leave our house, turn right, you were in the African American community; turn left, you were in the Italian community.  The neighbor immediately to our right, African American, the Webbs; immediately to our left, Italian, the D’Andreas.
To whom much is given, much is required.
IV
Neither of President Obama’s parents was African American. His mother, Stanley Ann Dunham, was a white American from Kansas. (Remember, you are who your mother is.) President Obama’s father was a black African from Kenya. If neither of a person’s parents was Japanese, would you call that person Japanese?
In due course, we will answer that question at greater length; in very precise detail.
 V
In the autopsies of the 2016 race for the White House, it is often said that Hillary Clinton failed to put together “the Obama coalition.” It is usually and correctly said that the most important part of that coalition was the African American vote. If Hillary Clinton was to win, went the analysis, African Americans had to vote for her in numbers equal or close to those garnered twice by Barack Obama.
 The analysis was correct. Hillary Clinton did not get those numbers. Why didn’t she get them?
A number of plausible reasons have been adduced: Hillary Clinton doesn’t have Barack Obama’s charisma. She doesn’t have his eloquence. As a white person, she can’t fire up black people the way black Barack Obama does. African Americans had sort of “exhausted” themselves in their first-ever enthusiasm for Barack Obama and no one, black or white, could follow that act.

Plus other explanations along other lines. There is something to be said for all of those reasons. I, however, am quite certain that the deepest reason is not to be found among them.
It is not so much that African Americans didn’t vote for Hillary Clinton in sufficient numbers to make her President of the United States; rather it is that African Americans did not do what President Obama asked them to do.
And it wasn’t so much that President Obama asked African Americans to vote for Hillary Clinton; rather was it that President Obama, with all his heart and soul, and with amazing energy, asked African Americans to preserve his legacy.
African Americans did not do so. They did not answer the call.
President Obama preached and shouted and begged and pleaded: Preserve my legacy the only way it can be preserved — through Hillary Clinton.
African Americans walked away. They didn’t do what President Obama asked them to do. The legacy is now in the hands of Donald Trump.
Why did that happen? The reason is crystal clear to me.
African Americans, deep down, always knew that Barack Obama is not an African American. Biologically it wasn’t just his white mother but also his black African Kenyan father. A black African Kenyan is not an African American. African Americans were swept away by Obama’s color, not his race. And when the crunch came, Obama’s fervent pleading to vote for Hillary Clinton to preserve his legacy, color was not enough.
The festival was over. Back home, home truths were back.
Imagine how African Americans would have responded if Martin Luther King, Jr. had pleaded with them to support some person in order to preserve the King legacy.
 VI
Race is far more that color. Once the African American romance with Barack Obama’s color was put in its place, little was left. African Americans would not say that but their actions proved it when they refused to vote for Hillary Clinton in sufficient numbers for her to preserve President Obama’s legacy.
Deep down, African Americans know that Barack Obama is not an African American. That knowledge is the master key to many things that happened and did not happen when Barack Obama was President of the United States.
VII
The white American romance with President Obama’s color will take longer to fade into reality. White Americans want very much to say that America has elected an African American president. Elected not once but twice in a row. White Americans will not let that be taken away from them without a fight.
VIII
President Obama’s legacy is now in the hands of President Donald Trump. The richness of this situation is surely beyond the powers of comprehension of mere mortals.

“Birther” is the word given to people who say or suggest that Barack Hussein Obama was not born in the United States of America and is therefore ineligible to be President of the United States because the United States Constitution requires presidents of the United States to be born on United States soil. These people say or suggest that President Obama was born in Kenya, the homeland of his father, who is also named Barack Hussein Obama.
Donald Trump became the leading voice of the birthers. His words and actions finally forced President Obama to produce a “long form” birth certificate showing that Barack Hussein Obama, the forty-fourth President of the United States was born on Aug. 4, 1961 in Honolulu, Hawaii. Hawaii became one of the states of the United States in 1959.
Donald Trump was technically wrong but he was on the right track.
As an African American, as an African American of mixed black-and-white roots, as an African American who, like Donald Trump, has extraordinary  German ancestry, I say that Donald Trump as a birther was technically wrong but on the right track.
He saw — sensed — that there was something amiss with the way we identify President Obama. He was correct.
But he was in no position to say that President Obama is not an African American. Even if he saw the simple, clear fact that neither of President Obama’s parents was African American, Donald Trump, especially as a white American, was in no position to say that President Obama is not an African American.
Even if he were to simply state the clear, simple fact that everyone can see – neither of President Obama’s parents was African American – Donald Trump would be roundly accused of racism of the most evil kind.
Think of it. To what pass have we come?
Birthers are customarily accused of being racists. But 2016 Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz, a white man, being born in Canada was brought up to allege his ineligibility to be president. Chester Arthur, the twenty-first President of the United States, a white man born in Vermont, was alleged to have been born in Ireland or Canada making him ineligible to be president. “Birther” charges do not necessarily import “racism.” Some birthers regarding President Obama are “racists” and some are not.
My considered judgment is that Donald Trump is not a “racist.”
There is a weird sort of “poetic justice,” a strange and mind-boggling grinding of the mills of the gods, in the birther-in-chief becoming the forty-fifth commander-in-chief and holding in his hands, for good or ill or both, the legacy of Barack Hussein Obama, the forty-fourth President of the United States.
 IX
President Obama is not an African American.
 On Election Night 2008, tears came to my eyes when Barack Hussein Obama was declared the forty-fourth President of the United States of America. Those tears came because, like me, the president-elect was a man “of color.” The U.S.A. would have its first “of color” president.
But that same Election Night, tears did not prevent my being clear-sighted. I knew that something was wrong. I knew that a great mistake was being made. Through the tears, the clarity said that Americans would mistakenly take the first USA “of color” president to be the USA’s first African American president.
If neither of a person’s parents was Bulgarian, would you call that person Bulgarian?
President Obama was born on Aug. 4, 1961 in Honolulu, Hawaii. You would have needed a microscope to find an African American community in Hawaii.
President Obama was not born of African Americans and he was not born among African Americans.
His parents separated before the first month of his life was over. He lived with his mother in Seattle, Washington for a year then with her back in Hawaii. Like Hawaii, Seattle had a minuscule African American population. In Barack Obama’s first years, then, he knew nothing of African Americans.
His parents divorced in 1964. In 1965, his mother married an Indonesian man, Lolo Saetoro, in Hawaii. Lolo Saetoro returned to Indonesia in 1966. In 1967, Barack Obama and his mother joined Lolo Saetoro in Indonesia.
So, from birth to age six, Barack Obama had a white American mother, a black Kenyan father, and an Indonesian stepfather. He was not born of African Americans and his first years were not lived among African Americans.
President Obama is called African American for one reason and one reason only – he looks like one. It’s a supreme example of racial profiling.
Centuries ago, African American evolved out of Africa plus America. For a long time, African American has been very different from and infinitely more than the simple addition of Africa plus America. The African component of African American is American, not African. African American is American African. The “Afro” hairdo is thoroughly American and utterly foreign to Africa. No one in his right mind would say that jazz is African.
African American is a very specific and decidedly unique quality and history and it is not to be confused with anything else.
African American has developed slowly and steadily, deeply and distinctively, wondrously and without parallel, from its beginnings centuries ago.
No way does a boy born on August 4, 1961 to a white American mother and a black Kenyan father originate in that centuries-long precise and idiosyncratic stream.

No way is President Obama an African American.
Suppose that President Obama’s mother had married an African American. Would that be the same as her having actually married a black Kenyan? Is it  your position that there is no difference between an African American and a black Kenyan? Is it your position that the offspring of a white American mother and an African American father is the same as the offspring of a white American mother and a black Kenyan father? Is “black” all that matters to you?
There is an immense difference between an African American and a black Kenyan.
In Boston in the late 1960s, I hung out with American black nationalist groups. I didn’t join but I enjoyed hanging out. One of these groups, the Topographical Research Institute – called Top – was based in Chicago and called for a county-by-county census of USA blacks preparatory to a move South and secession from the United States.
One day at Boston Top, I at the meeting, two black Africans knocked on the door and were admitted. Conversation ensued. When the two black Africans left, a Top leader looked around at all of us, shook his head in mystification, and said, “It’s been too long.”
We all agreed. As to mentality, purposes, and so on, there was simply no real communication between the two black Africans and the radical American black nationalists.
I spent most of 1990 in Norway and Finland studying Sami (Lapp) folk music. The morning I left Norway, waiting for the bus to the train to Finland, I was joined by a Somali man. He introduced himself as Harry. He was going to Sweden. We rode together on bus and train to Finland.
At one point on the train, Harry said that black Americans are very good for black Africans; and he told me this story:
One night in some European city — I forgot which one — Harry and other Somalis started to enter a nightclub, hoping for a good time. The proprietor rushed to the door and denied them entrance because they were black.
Harry and his friends started walking down the street and saw approaching them some men who were clearly African Americans. The two groups stopped and chatted.
When the black Americans learned what had happened at the nightclub, they took the Somalis in tow and went to the nightclub seeking entrance.
The proprietor rushed to the door. When he saw that black Americans headed the group and sought entrance, he was all smiles and warmly welcomed all. He could mess with black Africans but not with African Americans.
I feel privileged to have lived those two stories – the one in Boston, the other in Norway and Finland.
Here is something that will help everyone see that President Obama is not an African American: Him included, every President of the United States has had a white mother; and no President of the United States has had an African American father.
There is nothing African American in President Obama’s parentage or anywhere else in his ancestry. A black African from Kenya is not an African American. A white American from Kansas is not an African American. Therefore, the offspring of a black African from Kenya and a white American from Kansas is not an African American.
As an African American, I say that a certain insult is delivered to African Americans every time President Obama is called an African American.
I do not presume to know the inner mind and deepest heart of President Barack Hussein Obama. I think he is an extraordinary American. I think his presidency displays spectra of brilliant talent, eloquent dignity,
classic Americana. At the same time, the undeniable genealogical facts of his life make him not one of us in that he is not an African American.
 Across the years of America imagining its first African American president, the assumption has always been that the first president to be called African American would be African American. But with the first president called African American, providence threw a curve ball. The nation has  swung and missed.
 We have a false picture of President Obama. Every time he calls himself an African American, our false picture of him is joined by his false picture of himself.
How does all this falsehood affect President Obama’s performance as President Obama?
Effects are inevitably present but they can go generally unnoticed for considerable stretches of time. Then one thing or another will happen – a little thing here, a big thing there, all of those things being big things because there is no such thing as a little thing.
For example, on Tuesday, August 2, 2016, President Obama held a news conference with Singapore’s Prime Minister, Lee Hsien Loong. Responding to a question, our president launched into a mind-bending
attack on Donald Trump.
He said that Trump was “unfit to serve as president” and “he keeps on proving it.” He said to Republican Party leaders, “If you are repeatedly having to say, in very strong terms, that what he has said is unacceptable, why are you still endorsing him? … What does this say about your party that this is your standard bearer? … There has to come a point at which you say, ‘Enough’.”
President Obama went on and on. He said that he had policy differences with the men he defeated for the presidency — John McCain in 2008, Mitt Romney in 2012 — but he never doubted that they could do the job.
President Obama said all of those things as he stood next to a visiting leader  of a foreign country.
The venerated saying, “Politics stop at the water’s edge” had surely never been so violently disregarded.
Yet almost no reports of President Obama’s extraordinary attack on Donald Trump mentioned the astonishing “water’s edge” aspect of the attack.
What was Singapore’s Prime Minister to think as he stood there listening?
Perhaps what President Obama did was not quite treason – perhaps – but his virulent attack on a fellow American before a foreign leader certainly suggests that somewhere in our president there is something truly not one of us.
Yes, he is an American but he is not an African American.
We need to pause, clear the ground, clear the air, take a deep breath, then learn to breathe.
Our first African American president is yet to come.
X
President Obama is not really a black American.
From the time that Barack Obama became a candidate for President of the United States, there were rumblings about whether or not he was “black enough.” Some of those rumblings were concerned with whether he “acted black” or “acted white” in his general demeanor. More serious discussion wondered to what if any extent he could, as president of all Americans, act like a black civil rights activist. Silly and serious as these rumblings were, they all missed the point. They all assumed that Barack Obama was racially black. They were all wrong.
The human being inside whose body your life began, the human being who carried you inside her body and out of whose body you came is in a supremely real way the most important human being in your life.
In a supremely real way, your mother is the most important human being in your life. The Jewish definition of a Jew is someone with a Jewish mother. The Jews have it right: You are who your mother is.
Every time President Obama is called black, his mother is disrespected. She is disrespected and erased from history. President Obama’s mother, Stanley Ann Dunham, a white woman from Kansas, is disrespected and erased from history every time President Obama is called black.
Like President Obama not being an African American, his not being black is a biological, racial fact. It is not a matter of opinion. The identity of your mother is not a matter of opinion. The race of your mother is not a matter of opinion. The color of your mother is not a matter of opinion. If you insist that President Obama’s color is or should be the color of his father, give me solid, undeniable, dominating and determining biological facts to back up that insistence.
Where is the father of a child during the child’s beginning, crucial, formative, determining months inside the mother? Equality of sperm and egg? Dominance of active sperm over passive egg? When a nail slams into a magnet, do you mean to tell me that the nail is the active force, the magnet the passive force? Do you understand man and woman, mother and father?
What do we say of someone who is habitually fooled by appearances? How do we assess a person who is always deceived by appearances?
You are who your mother is.
Women concerned with the status of women and the dignity of women should certainly embrace the statement — you are who your mother is.
Regarding white mothers of men and women called black, regarding men and women called black who have white mothers, we have a lot of work to do. We have to stop being fooled. We have to stop deceiving ourselves.
Perhaps you will say, “But we see that President Obama is black. How can we call him white?”
Well, for centuries we have been content with calling certain people black who appear to be white as the driven snow. For example, my great-aunt, Amelia Grace Anderson looked like a white woman yet she is said to be the first black graduate of Syracuse University.
That “one drop” of black blood makes you black even though you may look like that girlfriend of the Seven Dwarfs.
We comfortably speak of black people who can “pass” – pass for white.
So if we can easily look at a blonde bombshell and call her black,  we can certainly adopt the far more reasonable and solidly grounded you are who your mother is no matter your skin color.
Skin color can and should be taken into account. A particular skin color in an unusual or unprecedented place can move the heart and bring tears. But you are who your mother is no matter your skin color.
 President Obama is who his mother is.
He deceives himself and others regarding his color. We deceive ourselves and others regarding President Obama’s color. All of these deceptions have consequences.
For example, take those super-heated controversies over white American police officers shooting dead or otherwise killing black American citizens. What is President Obama’s race in those events? How does he act in those events? How is he seen to act in those events? What is his color in those events?
I agree with the Jews. The Jews have it right – you are who your mother is.
President Obama is not an African American.
President Obama is not black.
African Americans granted Barack Obama’s request to make him president but African Americans denied President Obama’s request to preserve his legacy.
Color is no substitute for race.
You are who your mother is.
XI
President Obama’s character came to life, was formed and was shaped
not in America but in the world’s most populous Muslim nation, Indonesia, and his character comes to us as born and formed and shaped not in America but in Indonesia.
Think of your life from ages six to age ten. I am thinking of mine as I write.
Ages six to age ten is the time period when we begin to fully awaken to the world around us. Ages six to age ten is when we begin to consciously and mindfully absorb the world around us. Ages six to age ten is when we begin to take hold of the world around us and identify with the world around us and plant the seeds of the adult to come.
I was in Buffalo, New York. I was living with my African American parents in Buffalo’s African American community.
Where were you?
Barack Obama was in Indonesia. He was in the world’s most populous Muslim nation. Barack Obama was in Indonesia not living among African Americans. He was living in Indonesia with his white American mother and his Indonesian step-father.
It will be correctly said that Barack Obama attended a Christian school in Indonesia. Yes, for two out of his four years in the world’s most populous Muslim nation, Barack Obama attended Santo Fransiskus Asisi (St. Francis of Assisi) Catholic School. For two out of his four years in Indonesia.
The other two years, and even during those two years with St. Francis, Barack Obama swam in the life of Indonesia. He began to fully awake to the world, to the world around him. He began to consciously and mindfully absorb the world around him, identify with it, and take hold of it. That is what a human being does from age six to age ten.
The seeds of the adult to come are planted.
None of which is to say that President Obama is a closet Muslim. He is a Christian. But there is a lot of room between a Christian and a closet Muslim.
President Obama’s six-to-ten in Indonesia is powerful even if he is a Christian. People who see in the man that boy in Indonesia have a solid point. It is flat-out wrong to accuse those people of bigotry. There is a lot of room between Islam coursing through one’s formative experiences and being secretly formally a Muslim.
From age ten through his high school years, President Obama lived in Hawaii with his white grandparents, the parents of his mother. They did not live among African Americans.
Remember, African Americans were almost nonexistent in Hawaii.
President Obama’s white grandfather, noting his grandson’s utter unfamiliarity with African Americans, felt a need to bring an African American into his grandson’s life. President Obama’s white grandparents, like his white mother, had leftist political leanings, so, the African American President Obama’s grandfather brought into his grandson’s life was the African American communist poet, Frank Marshall Davis.
Frank Marshall Davis was part of the almost nonexistent African American community in Hawaii. Frank Marshall Davis in President Obama’s high school years was not exactly President Obama “living among African Americans.”
In President Obama’s high school years living with his white grandparents in Hawaii, the occasional meeting with Frank Marshall Davis was an occasional insertion into the high school boy’s life of a member of a community with which, from birth, the high school boy had been and was continuing to be utterly unfamiliar.
Think of it — President Obama is not an African American. Not only that, from birth through high school, he never lived among African Americans. This person is not likely to have a deeply instinctual and intuitional understanding of African Americans. The facts of this person’s ancestry, birth and young life tell us that, relative to African Americans, he is, like the title of the celebrated science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein, a Stranger in a Strange Land.
President Obama did not begin to live among African Americans until he was a grown man going to college on the United States mainland.
It is, of course, possible for the inside to be embraced by and even revolutionized by an outsider. Saint Patrick was from Gaul, not Ireland. He was French, not Irish. Napoleon was born and raised not in France
but in Corsica. Hitler was born and raised not in Germany but in Austria. Josef Stalin was Georgian, not Russian.
But in all of those cases, the outsider always knew and stated what his origins were. In all of those cases, the people of the inside always knew the outsider identity of that outsider revolutionizing the inside.
We say that President Obama is an African American but he is not one. President Obama says he is an African American but he is not one.
Like Saint Patrick, Napoleon, Hitler, and Stalin, Barack Obama can study the inside, identify with the inside, and lead the inside — but that doesn’t make him of the inside.
And if there is a fundamental and unrecognized mistake as to who the outsider is, if that fundamental and unrecognized mistake is made by the inside and the outsider alike, then I submit that something fundamental with go wrong with the relationship and grievously wound if not totally destroy the relationship.
That is not easy to say. That is very hard to say.
I have not forgotten my tears of Election Night 2008. In memory and in an eternal part of me, they still flow. But I am now forced to see that the fundamental mistake all of us make regarding President Obama, grounds and triggers something gone fundamentally wrong with the relationship.
The growing tension and antagonism between African Americans and white police officers is the most obvious instance of the deterioration of black-white relationships in our country. President Obama as the nation’s first “black” president has not been able to prevent this deterioration and his response to it
has been little more than earning praise as the nation’s consoler-in-chief. He suddenly and slowly and softly begins to sing Amazing Grace in the middle of one consoling speech but he does not heal. He is not a healer.
Great healers of society succeed primarily because they are who they say they are and because they are who we say they are. President Obama is not who he says he is and he is not who we say he is.
In the days when Adlai Stevenson was contending with John Kennedy to be the Democratic Party’s nominee to be President of the United States, a great analogy was made. It might have been made by Stevenson but I’m not sure. Anyway, a parallel was drawn – the effect of Stevenson speaking compared with the effect of Kennedy speaking; put alongside the effect of the Greek Demosthenes speaking compared with the effect of the Roman Caesar speaking. Stevenson was Demosthenes, Kennedy was Caesar.
“When Demosthenes finished speaking, the people said, ‘How well he spoke.’ When Caesar finished speaking, the people said, “Let us march!”
When Barack Obama finishes speaking, the people say, “How well he spoke.” When Martin Luther King Jr. finished speaking, the people said, “Let us march!”
The people have nothing to recognize and grab onto when President Obama finishes speaking, no matter how well he speaks and no matter how well he is said to have spoken.
President Obama’s parentage, his birth, his character formed in boyhood, and his birth-to-manhood lack of contact with the African American community place him in no position to reach and touch and move the people to metaphorical and actual marching toward black-white racial healing.
Consequently, black-white racial relations in our country deteriorated during the presidency of Barack Obama.
Again, great healers of society succeed primarily because they are who they say they are and because they are who we say they are. Again, President Obama is not who he says he is and he is not who we say he is.
He is not African American. He is not black. His character was formed in Indonesia.
The deteriorating relationship between African Americans and white police officers is not the only facet of the irony. Look at the astonishing out-of-nowhere successes of the political campaigns of Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders. The one populist right, Trump, the other populist left, Sanders. Both strike fire from the national soul. But where are African Americans in those two dazzling “movements”?
They are all but invisible.
Yes, there are a few in each camp but, if not exactly “tokens”, they are certainly rarities.
Why?
“Racist” Trump and “elite leftist” Sanders are the reasons almost always given. I beg to differ. It is clear to me that the basic reason is that President Obama, though our first “black” president, is not a black-white uniter; is not who he says he is, is not who we say he is. So when fire is struck from the nation’s soul,
from such opposite directions, Trump and Sanders, the fire is all white and the blacks are silent. There is no bridge, no healer-in-chief to reveal and inspire a black-and-white fusion at the core of Trump and at the core of Sanders.
This is not to say that the Trump and Sanders waves would be models of “racial diversity” if President Obama were a genius at racial togetherness. It is, however, to suggest that a dynamic new racial harmony sparked by the Obama White House would make very unlikely the sheer whiteness of
the Trump and Sanders marvels.
To be sure, the fundamental structures of our national polity are white – England, European colonies in America, Founding Fathers. Those structures and that soul are bound to be stirred from time to time.
The more that African Americans participate in these stirrings, seeing those structures and that soul as theirs, the more will these stirrings cross black-white racial lines.
Theirs. Ours. Not in the original, of course — Bach, Mozart, and Beethoven were white – but through an extraordinary adoption, a sui generis creation of the African American people – who speak English as their mother tongue. Through this extraordinary adoption, the occasional stirrings of our white roots can be a black-and-white pas de deux.
It takes extraordinary black and white people to do that. Martin Luther King Jr. and Lyndon Johnson were two such people.
Shouldn’t our first “black” president be one of those people?
 Especially since he has one black parent and one white parent?
Yes, one might expect, but no, it doesn’t happen.
Why not?
Because of mistaken identity.
He is not an African American, he is not black, his character was formed not in America but in Indonesia.
In certain formal necessities and graces, in certain technical requirements, in certain desiderata of warmth and spirit, Barack Hussein Obama performed brilliantly as President of the United States. In many ways, we could not have asked for a better “first black president.”
But he is not an African American, he is not black and his character was formed not in America but in Indonesia.
XII
 The bard said,  “All’s well that ends well.”
Consider the concluding arc of President Obama’s presidency — from African Americans on Election Day 2016 denying his ardent request to preserve his legacy to his January 10, 2017 Farewell Address trying to describe and establish that legacy. There is something immensely sad about that concluding arc. But there is also something revelatory about it, something that it illuminates for the first time.
  In a very real way, that revelation, that illumination, for the first time can be called “saving the best for last.”
It has taken this long. It had to take this long. The whole play must unfold in order for there to be a good ending.
Bon voyage, President Barack Hussein Obama.
 We clear the ground, clear the air, learn to breathe.
 As the poet said, we have “miles to go before we sleep.”



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/02/27/making-real-change-involves-the-most-action-at-the-root-of-the-problem/
Making real change involves the most action at the root of the problem
Let’s consider a scenario. A smoker goes to the doctor and asks how he can prevent himself from getting lung cancer. The doctor replies, “Spend less time in the city. The pollution can cause lung cancer in some adults.”
Seems weird, doesn’t it? Why wouldn’t the doctor recommend quitting smoking? It is the leading cause of lung cancer.
While there aren’t many doctors who would make this recommendation, this is exactly the type of proposal that many environmentalists, including those at Stanford, are offering in the quest to save water and prevent other environmental catastrophes. There are signs in locker rooms and dorm bathrooms on campus advertising messages like “Stanford is WaterWise. Reducing your shower to five minutes or less can conserve more than 2500 gal/year/person!”
While this message makes intuitive sense, it is actually very similar to recommending a smoker to stay out of the city to prevent lung cancer.
According to a Center for Science in the Public Interest report, domestic use is only responsible for 5 percent of water usage in the United States. Animal agriculture, on the other hand, is responsible for 55 percent. Due to the exorbitant amount of water needed to raise livestock, it takes about 660 gallons of water to produce one-third of a pound of hamburger meat, according to an article by the LA Times.
Long story short: We can save a lot more water by cutting down on our consumption of animal products than we can save by taking short showers. And with the extensive vegan and vegetarian options on campus, along with the fact that you simply do not need to eat meat for protein (Serena Williams eats a completely raw vegan diet!), eating less meat is actually very doable.
If this is the case, then why aren’t there signs in every dining hall that remind us that cutting down on meat consumption saves water? A likely answer would be something like, “Most students just aren’t ready to give up meat, but taking shorter showers is much more plausible.”
If this seems logical to you, think about what would you say if the doctor from our scenario justified his recommendation by saying, “Most patients just aren’t ready to stop smoking! But staying out of the city — that seems doable.”
Lung cancer is serious, so we would sincerely hope that our doctors would not make this recommendation, but so is the absolutely deplorable state of our environment. This is an incredibly important issue, and if we don’t start treating it as such, the next generation will not have a habitable world. Dining halls need to remind students that the biggest impact that they can have on water usage, along with climate change and other environmental issues, is by cutting down on the consumption of animal products. And most importantly, we, as students, need to take responsibility for our environment. Eat meatless meals, and eat them often.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/02/23/postdoc-perspective-diversity-as-our-strength/
Postdoc perspective: Diversity as our strength
The community of postdoctoral trainees is one of the most diverse groups on the Stanford campus. More than half of the 2,100 trainees are international, hailing from dozens of countries around the world. Various cultures, ethnicities and sexual/gender identities are represented. However, the diversity of this community has faced several recent challenges with the change in the country’s leadership.
About 50 current Stanford postdocs are from the seven countries affected by President Trump’s immigration ban. Other postdocs, while not from those nations themselves, had family members or in-laws who would not be traveling to the U.S. or back to their native country because travel was restricted. International travel for academic and professional conferences or invited presentations will be difficult or impossible for some, and may not be worth the risk of languishing in the limbo of a U.S. Customs and Border Patrol holding area.
Even for those not directly affected, many are concerned about what a Trump presidency means for them and their careers. Although this executive order only affects the citizen of selected countries, it may indicate the direction of general international policy that would negatively impact the postdoc community.
Indeed, there is already an emotional and psychological toll of the executive order and aggressive international policy tactics President Trump is enacting. Some complain of having trouble focusing on their work, distracted by concern either for themselves or colleagues who may be affected by the immigration ban or other possible looming presidential actions.
The Stanford administration has already taken steps to offer support for students and postdocs on campus. Town halls and counseling sessions have been scheduled and made available. The Bechtel International Center and the Immigrant Rights Clinic in the Stanford Law School are both offering assistance to those who have travel or visa issues.
Aside from internal support, the Stanford administration has taken a more public stand on Trump’s immigration platform. On Feb. 2, Stanford President Marc Tessier-Lavigne signed a letter – along with 47 other university and college presidents – to President Trump to rescind or rectify his executive order. The letter reiterated the importance of international diversity to the vitality of education and research.
Intellectual diversity in research may also come under threat. Postdocs engage in such politically charged research topics as climate change, embryonic stem cells, human and civil rights and alternative and sustainable energy. Government funding for this research may be cut or reduced, and with it the livelihoods of the researchers who work on these topics.
Such threats have mobilized scientists to organize a national march in Washington on Earth Day this year. How effective such forms of resistance are remains to be determined. However, protests have succeeded in bringing attention to current issues, and public sentiment may sway government actions. Moving forward, it will be critical that the research and academic communities speak up and speak out for themselves. There are still underrepresented groups of U.S. citizens in postdoc community as well; in March, underrepresented minorities in the biosciences will attend the Postdoc Recruitment Weekend to encourage attendees to apply for postdoc positions at Stanford.
Progress cannot be taken for granted. For the postdoc community, Koshika Yadava Ph.D., outgoing co-chair of Stanford University Postdoctoral Association (SURPAS), pointed out that it’s hard for the administration to know the needs of the postdocs if they don’t speak up.  “Postdocs need to advocate for themselves” she said. Sofie Kleppner, associate dean of postdoctoral affairs, had a similar message about postdocs taking action when she read out her open letter in December: “I challenge you to work as hard as you can … participate in national conversation … this is the time to take action … I challenge you to do so.” It’s a message that perhaps all communities whose liberties are being threatened should take to heart.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/02/13/prosecuting-on-behalf-of-injustice-why-charles-cooper-cannot-be-our-next-solicitor-general/
Prosecuting on behalf of injustice: Why Charles Cooper cannot be our next solicitor general
Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ confirmation process was marred with controversy from the outset. Shortly after he was nominated, the nation received a short, illustrative briefing on Session’s horrendous race relations record.
Sessions’ past associates claimed that he expressed support for the Ku Klux Klan, called the ACLU “un-American,” and referred to all of his male African-American co-workers as “boy.” These charges were so serious that Sessions’ Senate colleagues apparently thought he was too racist to be a federal judge when he was nominated for a spot 31 years ago.
So what changed between 1986 and 2017? Sessions’ beliefs certainly did not. Nonetheless, Trump tapped Sessions to be his attorney general – prompting liberal interest groups to coalesce in opposition to Sessions’ candidacy.
NAACP leaders held sit-ins at Sessions’ Washington office. Over 100 distinguished law professors around the nation signed a petition claiming that Sessions was morally unfit for the job. And before she was gagged, Elizabeth Warren even read a letter from Coretta Scott King attesting to Sessions’ racist habits. But all of this resistance was to no avail.
Several civil rights, climate change and consumer protection groups on campus may be disheartened by Sessions’ confirmation. I submit, though, that Sessions is simply a Trojan horse, albeit a bigoted one.
The attorney general delegates most of his legal responsibilities to a few subordinates. Someone other than Jeff Sessions will manage federal lawsuits, authorize federal agencies to begin lawsuits and decide which policies the federal government does (and does not) defend, and how.
This individual is the solicitor general. She is important because her control over how and when to present cases can have a huge policy impact. If you are skeptical, consider the fact that Obama’s solicitor general may well have been responsible for saving the Affordable Care Act and undermining same-sex marriage bans across the country. Since the solicitor general makes hundreds of decisions every month, it is important that she has a sound moral compass because in close situations many choices will be based on gut reactions.
Charles Cooper and George Conway are reported to be the lead contenders for the job. Cooper is, well, a bigot. He has supported tax-exempt status for private schools that refuse to admit students of color, was the lead lawyer defending California’s Prop. 8, and believes that employers should be able to reject job applicants solely because they have AIDS. On the other hand, Conway, a well-respected corporate lawyer, has no formal government experience or paper trial and seems less reactionary – but compared to Cooper, who would not?
Many Stanford students may feel that a choice between Cooper and Conway is like a choice between arsenic and mustard gas, but at the very least Conway appears to be erudite and socially tolerant. Moreover, if confirmed, Conway, who is Filipino, would be the first Asian-American to occupy the spot. Diversity matters. Conway, at the very least, might make his colleagues think twice before embracing racist policies.
Under Trump, the arc of the moral universe may bend at a slower rate than usual. But, one thing is certain. It will bend in the wrong direction if Charles Cooper becomes the government’s primary law officer.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/02/07/intolerance-ignored/
Intolerance, ignored
Last week, as I sat at a routine lunch with friends at Coupa Cafe, I looked off into the distance and saw a swastika. After a double take, I was sure that my eyes weren’t deceiving me — there, clearly painted on the stone facade of Green Library, was a small black symbol that represented the attempted extinction of my people.
I couldn’t focus for the rest of lunch — how was this jarring image of hate being left alone, glistening in the Stanford sun? I went back to my dorm and did the research. To my horror, this swastika was not an isolated incident. Instead, two separate sprees of hate crimes against the Jewish people were perpetrated on my very campus just within the last month — and I hadn’t even known.
In the following days, I received emails from Hillel alerting Jewish students of the crimes and providing resources for healing. I also received a fairly routine email from the University letting me know that these hate crimes didn’t stop at drawings but that university printers had been hacked to print flyers containing virulently anti-Semitic language and imagery. The email stated that “it is believed the drawings are intended to connote anti-Semitism” — not a far-fetched conjecture considering swastikas drawn early in January were accompanied by writings of “No Jews Allowed.” All in all, in the month of January, Stanford’s campus saw 17 swastikas drawn around the campus, some accompanied by directly anti-Semitic language, along with flyers resembling Nazi propaganda appearing across university printers. However, the odd part is, if you weren’t on Hillel’s email chain or closely reading every email you received from the University, you might not ever know.
I want every Stanford student to imagine for a second that a similar hate crime was committed against another minority community (recent estimates are that 10 percent of Stanford undergraduates are Jewish, firmly placing the community as a minority one). Ask yourself: What would the response be from University and student channels if there was a visible, direct and repeated instance of intolerance against Muslims or African-Americans on campus?
In response to Donald Trump’s recent executive order banning immigrants and refugees from predominantly Muslim countries — an abhorrent action that Jewish groups around the country have universally condemned — nearly every activist group on campus has staged events, rallies or protests, along with providing resources to help. This is an excellent example of the inclusive and proactive community that Stanford and its students have created — and yet, while events in Washington have received their deserved attention, intolerance right here on campus has been largely ignored. Perhaps activist groups are well-equipped to protest macro-injustice, but reluctant to confront it face to face. What non-Jewish group has held an event, protest or rally concerning the swastikas drawn all over our walls?
In response to the November election, the administration created a vast network of resources for affected and concerned students, offering therapy, comfort and discourse. In response to repeated and targeted hate crimes on campus, the University sent an email. They couldn’t even muster the manpower to clean the paint off of Green Library. The situation reminded me of an article written by students at the University of Chicago last year, entitled “Why are Jews the only minority we don’t protect on college campuses?”
To be clear, I have never heard a single Stanford student or faculty member utter anything anti-Semitic. I am amazed by how tolerant and inclusive every person I have met at Stanford is of other students’ race, ethnicity, nationality, sexuality and religion. I also do not mean to compare the suffering or victimization of one group to another. Yet, I can’t help but wonder how such a prominent and hurtful episode was ignored by most of Stanford’s campus. I can’t help but wonder if even for as tolerant a campus as ours, politics, biases and pressures can get in the way of truly effective and just activism.
No one in the world should be subject to the insidious forces of hate and intolerance that are surfacing at an alarming rate. I am confident that Stanford is at the forefront of eradicating these forces from the world — but perhaps we have to start with our own campus.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/02/03/losing-the-high-ground/
Losing the high ground
Trump’s executive order on immigration, signed on Holocaust Remembrance Day one week ago, has clearly struck a nerve in the United States and around the world. Thousands of people have protested at airports around the country. Most world leaders are aghast. Business leaders are distancing themselves from the Trump administration. I am worried about the consequences this order will have for refugees, our men and women in uniform and the ideal of freedom that has brought so many to our shores.
Like many Americans, I come from a family of immigrants and refugees. My great-grandfather, Samuel Obletzyev, fled Russia during the Bolshevik revolution and started a successful drugstore business in Buffalo, New York. His son – my grandfather – served in the Navy in World War II and started a successful real estate development business. My other great-grandfather, DB Levi, left Germany around the turn of the 20th century to avoid the Völkisch anti-Semetic movement. He settled in the United States and started a sportswear company.
When discussing the balance of security and immigration, the individual stories often get lost in the noise. Take the story of an interpreter – from one of the countries included in the ban – who, in addition to his regular interpreter duties, rescued an American soldier amidst a firefight and lost his leg in the ordeal. Shortly thereafter, “a grenade was thrown at his home by insurgents angry that he had helped Americans.” Many people from these countries have helped our armed forces, and in return for their service, some of them have begun or are in the midst of immigrating to our country. What do we tell them, and what message will this order send to those we ask for help later on? Luckily, some federal judges have issued stays that prevented some of these individuals – who were traveling to the United States at the time the order was signed – from being immediately deported, but there are many more that remain in a limbo.
There are many other troubling parts of this immigration ban, including the exclusion of some Middle Eastern countries where the Trump Organization has business dealings and the general confusion brought about by the lack of preparation, coordination and clarification surrounding the order.
While I believe Trump cares about the U.S. military in his own way, if that feeling were genuine, he would understand that by leaving the interpreters and others who risked their lives to help our country out to dry, he is not only endangering those service members who are sacrificing every day for our freedom, but he is also removing America from moral high ground it has traditionally had in the world. As Senator McCain (R-AZ) said, “Our most important allies in the fight against ISIL are the vast majority of Muslims who reject its apocalyptic ideology of hatred. This executive order sends a signal, intended or not, that America does not want Muslims coming into our country. That is why we fear this executive order may do more to help terrorist recruitment than improve our security.”
Clearly, it is unlikely for the Trump administration to reverse course on this issue. With the lives of so many people – from the refugees who have waited patiently for years to come to the U.S. to service remembers who rely on the assistance and intelligence the citizens of the very countries targeted in this order – the administration should ensure it is doing everything it can to balance its need for additional security while also ensuring that we don’t set ourselves and our military up for failure, especially as we continue the global War on Terror. One way to accomplish this balance would be by passing another bill that ensures we take care of the interpreters and other assets who have helped our military in dangerous places, as was proposed during the immigration reform debates over the past few years. If the Trump administration is not willing to adjust course, and the Republican leadership in Congress is unwilling to take a stand, then we must rely on the checks and balances of the courts and the peoples’ continued exercise of their First Amendment rights.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/02/03/editorial-board-a-way-forward-for-the-new-administration/
Editorial Board: A way forward for the new administration
Last week, The Daily’s editorial board met with new University president Marc Tessier-Lavigne to discuss his transition to Stanford and his hopes for his tenure, as well as his perspective on current campus issues such as alcohol and sexual assault. During our conversation, Tessier-Lavigne repeatedly expressed his desire to better engage with students and collaborate in developing constructive policies; as a group, we noted that while students and administrators both care about the well-being of the Stanford community, failures in communication have led to controversy and student discontent over the past year.
We support and appreciate the incoming administration’s efforts to improve relations with the student body, and we hope that both President Tessier-Lavigne and new Provost Persis Drell make clear and effective communication a priority. Clear communication with students will require more consistency in how and when messages are conveyed, and effective communication hinges on the University treating students as adults. On a topic that warrants more discussion, the University must remain wary of creating situations in which administrators, though genuinely concerned for student welfare, unduly interfere in campus life and fail to accord students a measure of responsibility in the decision-making process.
With that in mind, in this board’s final editorial, we present here several recommendations for improving administration-student communication. We also discuss recent controversies, with reflections on their outcomes and suggestions for the future.
Taking advantage of the residential staff structure
One of the primary issues facing Stanford administration is the lack of student support for policy changes. When the University takes a top-down approach to decision-making or poorly understands the channels used by students to voice input, students with important viewpoints remain unaware of how they can contribute to discussions — or that discussions are even taking place. In addition, when students are able to provide input but decisions seem to go against popular opinion, we begin to interpret administrative decisions as a sign of disregard for student voices.
We believe that the University should take advantage of the existing dorm staff structure to foster discussions and gain support for institutional changes. Especially in underclassmen residences, student staff and resident faculty are some of the most respected leaders on campus. If RAs, RFs and other staff were to disseminate information about administrative initiatives and lead discussions within dorm communities, students might feel more comfortable engaging in campus issues and reform, and if student staff were given formal opportunities to explain their support or concerns regarding policy decisions, there would be greater awareness and understanding of administrative actions. This residential structure was not appropriately informed during early development of the alcohol policy, creating confusion for residents and staff alike.
These discussions could take several different forms – larger University updates during house meetings, smaller hall discussions or more focused one-off sessions led by individual staff – all contributing to a structure we might call a “dorm caucus.” While meetings need not be mandatory for all residents – upperclassmen especially tend to participate less in dorm life – they would provide a known place for students to voice their opinions if desired. Given a formal role in the policy process, staff members could also act as trusted liaisons for students who wish to voice concerns privately.
Transparency in working groups
The University has long relied on various “working groups” or “committees,” usually made up of undergraduates, graduate students and administrators, to tackle important issues. Too often, students aren’t aware that these committees exist or, when they are notified, have no idea how they were formed.
Creating an easily accessible landing page with a list of all active committees would be a useful first step. Full member lists might be kept private to prevent unnecessary attention from falling on individual students, but selection processes should be made clear and committees ought to be accessible, either through a designated point representative or a public contact email. Furthermore, publishing meeting minutes or summaries when appropriate would allow the broader community to gain insight into the discussions being had, instead of having to wait until a decision is handed down with no clarity as to the process by which it was reached.
A data-driven approach
In a time when online petitions and social media campaigns allow students to quickly express their views to thousands of others, the administration’s approach to collecting input can seem both slow-moving and opaque. Policies that cite studies and data but present neither for viewing or analysis will, no matter how well-intentioned, seem arbitrarily imposed.
We would like to see the University adopt a more data-driven approach when developing such policies, especially when regarding issues that, like alcohol and sexual assault, affect the entire student body. Collect data and then show it to us. Students want nothing more than to share our views, and in the absence of University channels, we resort to informal vehicles like ASSU referendums and Google Forms polls, which can suffer from partisan wording, selection bias in survey distribution and a lack of both data privacy and coherent presentation. The University has a unique ability to reach all students; we want to see this taken advantage of.
The University often cites complaints from students when justifying policies but rarely goes into specifics. Anecdotal evidence is important; we recognize that the yes/no preferences of a majority can – and often should – be outweighed by the severe concerns of a minority. As part of this data-driven effort, the University should also collect and share concrete, appropriately anonymized examples of both the concerns leading up to a policy and the reactions following its enactment, with indications of the scale of each side.
***
In general, these recommendations are intended to improve understanding for both administrators and students. In many cases, students recognize the presence of legitimate concerns but might not be aware of their severity, and administrators recognize negative reactions to policies but not the specific reasons behind student grievances. Here, we briefly reflect on several issues from this past year, focusing on root causes for controversy and potential solutions.
Alcohol policy
We understand and recognize certain successes of the recently implemented restrictions on hard liquor and refuse to ignore data implying that something has worked. We don’t want to suggest that the specifics of the ban have been effective – anecdotally, most residences have chosen not to implement or enforce it – but it seems that the mere presence of dialogue around alcohol consumption has contributed to safer drinking behaviors.
We have already discussed our problems with the introduction of this policy elsewhere, so we would like to focus on preserving the progress made while returning self-governance and clarity to those tasked with creating a safe drinking culture on campus. It is our belief that decisions around hard alcohol – and alcohol consumption in general – should be made by dorm staff. Though the current policy – like Stanford’s under-21 policy – provides staff with a “tool” to intervene in the event of dangerous behavior, its ambiguity fails to affirm the importance of staff’s role and expertise. The University should make it clear that the implementation of the alcohol policy is a choice that these individuals have the right to make.
We also feel that the University fails to do enough to encourage safer drinking practices; in other words, the current policy restricts hard alcohol but does not provide productive alternatives. Instead of villainizing alcohol, the administration needs to commit to the creation of spaces where casual drinking — as opposed to binge drinking — is normative. College kids are going to drink. To ignore this fact is to ignore reality. So why not help students do this in a way less detrimental to their well-being, and Stanford’s? Ideas include re-allowing fraternities to serve beer and wine at all-campuses, so as to discourage pre-gaming; allowing residents to drink beer and wine in common spaces, so they can hang out with friends and sip a beer; and even committing to the creation of an on-campus bar, which is with successful precedent at peer institutions.
LSJUMB
Greater transparency is also in order in sanctioning high-profile student groups like the Band. Like the rest of campus, we take sexual assault and harassment very seriously. But without clear communication from the University, it can be challenging to understand the outcomes of Title IX cases regarding student organizations. Privacy and legal restrictions such as FERPA must be respected, but when one party of a case is such a large student group, the matter ceases to be strictly personal.
Any student group, no matter how popular, should be disciplined for cases of sexual misconduct – but every member should understand why. In his Jan. 8 email to the community, former Provost John Etchemendy Ph.D. ’82 stated that the original Band alcohol/travel ban was in response to misconduct complaints as recent as 2015 – information not communicated to most students when sanctions were first put in place. This breakdown in communication caused legitimate concerns that the Band’s suspension was merely a tool to force such a famously irreverent organization to quiet down. Ultimately, while cultural changes might be essential, it serves little purpose to discipline a group without clearly explaining what behavior was found objectionable.
Full Moon on the Quad
As the administration recognized in its continuation of FMOTQ this year, the event is a vital tradition conducive to Stanford’s culture of both irreverence and inclusion. For many FMOTQ is a celebration of sexuality, of free expression of individuality. But we also understand that for some, the event raises significant concerns related to sexual violence and the generation of hostile spaces on campus.
This year, the administration, working with the junior class presidents, attempted to desexualize FMOTQ to address these concerns. Yet in pushing the event towards gratitude and thank-you notes, the organizers, consciously or otherwise, turned the kissing, nudity and absurdity of Full Moon from something to be celebrated into something deviant.
Moreover, this year, the emphasis on desexualization took away from other important priorities: A lack of ID checks rendered the space informal but also less secure, while the shortening of the event reduced the sexual atmosphere but also left non-participating students with little to do. We do not believe that these steps represent a valid solution.
We recommend the return of ID checks, stricter security measures and the continued presence of sober monitors. Sexual violence thrives in spaces with unmonitored alcohol and drug consumption; in this respect, we feel that a focus on the effects of these substances would lead to a safer and less hostile environment at FMOTQ. This means more rigorous screening – turning away people who are evidently too drunk to attend – and sober monitors removing those students who are not being appropriate or respectful of their classmates. As students, we recognize that Full Moon is a privilege, and we also recognize that if our actions do not contribute to a comfortable, consensual environment, this privilege can be taken from us.
***
The University has repeatedly reaffirmed its commitment to maintaining Stanford’s unique culture. Much of the recent clash between students and administration stems from failures in communication with the students who create this culture, leading to misunderstandings and a perceived stifling of Stanford’s irreverence. Following our conversation with President Tessier-Lavigne, we are hopeful that the new leadership has the best interests of the student body at heart. We learned that we often have a shared understanding of the core issues on campus, and with improvements to communication and decision-making processes, we would like to continue building a community whose value is in the gestalt of its many pieces. Only when student goals and administration goals are clearly articulated can mutually beneficial alignment occur; this happens through improved communication and the acknowledgment that both groups are often striving for the same ends.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/02/03/editors-farewell-understanding-our-community/
Editor’s Farewell: Understanding our community
I’d like to believe that 10 years from now, I’ll look back at my time as editor-in-chief and say that this was the volume that convinced me to go into journalism. I’d like to remember this as the year that changed my career path. And in many ways, it’s certainly brought me closer to that conclusion.
In reality, I can’t know for sure what I’ll be doing after graduation. And since I’ll be “slow-terming” for my master’s degree, I still have a couple years at Stanford before I have to decide. But at the very least, my time at The Daily has convinced me about the importance of the work of news organizations.
I’ve written about my Daily “origin story” in a previous editorial. But what I hope to explain in this letter is why I’ve spent so much time and energy on a single extracurricular activity while at Stanford: a question I’ve asked myself several times over the last four years.
I joined The Daily because I liked writing and editing, but when I felt burnt out after my first volume of editing for the News section, it was the mentorship and encouragement of senior editors that convinced me to stick with the job. And over time, I discovered that the part of editing I really loved was the opportunity to teach. Like my editors before me, I had the chance to help my staffers improve their writing, and one of my favorite experiences at The Daily has been running our high school summer internship program – where I first got my start in college journalism.
As part of The Daily’s executive team, it has been easy to get bogged down in the everyday tasks of printing a daily paper and responding to dozens of emails. I’ve missed editing and teaching, and it’s more difficult to get to know the new staffers. Yet despite the changes, I’ve also found new purpose in the editor-in-chief role. Even more than the mentorship and education components, The Daily has allowed me to connect with and understand the Stanford community in ways I never would have otherwise.
When people come to us with tips or op-eds, they reaffirm our importance as a local newspaper. For me, some of the most rewarding moments on the job have been receiving notes from readers or sources thanking us for our work. The Stanford Daily should produce content that both fosters greater discussion and awareness and also enables community members across campus to have their voices heard.
As I looked through past editors’ farewells, many spoke about the communication, management and leadership skills that they learned through their time here. And while I certainly learned those lessons, too, I think the most important lesson that The Daily has taught me is the importance of not only listening but also working to understand.
During my time as editor-in-chief, I have also come to question the role of college newspapers. Unlike most national papers, we serve a much smaller, very specific audience, and I believe that we have a responsibility to reflect the views and issues valued by our diverse community. But the goal of representing those different groups in both our coverage and our staff is another challenge in and of itself. Especially in today’s heated political climate, it’s difficult to enter into communities in which we have few or no connections. But it’s our duty as journalists to provide well-balanced perspectives while also caring about and understanding the communities we’re covering.
From writing to teaching to understanding, the motivating factors behind my work at The Daily have continued to shift. None of the previous purposes has ever gone away, and each adds to the previous as I continue to learn.
Right now, the journalism and media industry is broken. The way readers interact with online news is sporadic, the technology that originally increased access has created filter bubbles and the sudden proliferation of fake news is frankly scary. But that doesn’t mean the industry isn’t fixable.
The technology that broke the system also has the ability to repair it, and with the widespread national attention on the media, journalists currently have the power to influence a lot of people.
So why did I spend 50 percent of my Stanford career on The Daily? I guess it’s the same reason that I want to work in the media industry when I graduate. On the one hand, there’s the selfish and possibly naive belief that I might actually be able to make a difference through journalism. But on the other hand, The Daily has given me not only the chance to impact the Stanford community, but also the skills to really understand what those people are saying.
As Victor Xu takes over as Volume 251 editor-in-chief, I’m confident in the future of the paper (and the media industry). As for me, we’ll see if I ever make good on my promise to go into journalism as a career. But one thing is certain: There’s so much more work to do.
As always, thank you for your readership and support.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/02/02/letter-to-the-community-faculty-statement-on-recent-executive-orders/
Letter to the community: Faculty statement on recent executive orders
Writer’s note: This piece is an open letter signed by members of the Stanford Faculty. Faculty wishing to add their names to the letter may do so here.
We write on two matters of immediate concern: the situation of undocumented students, and of community members now subject to the so-called “Muslim Ban.” Both these groups are now severely affected by measures that tear at the fabric of our community and run counter to our core principles. They also bespeak a callous disregard for the Constitution and international law.
We commend the Stanford administration for its swift response to President Trump’s remarks during the presidential campaign and since taking office, its commitment to defend DACA, and its declaration of support for these students. We call on the University to issue a more substantial statement that recognizes the danger many community members face at this moment, enumerates positive actions it will take with that recognition in mind, and also elaborates more fully how these actions are consistent with specific values to which Stanford is and has always been deeply committed.
Stanford’s statement of Nov. 19 contains many good things. It states that: “Stanford will continue to provide services and support to our students without regard to their immigration status. The university supports the ability of undocumented students to continue their studies at Stanford and earn a degree.”
It also says that: “The university does not act as an immigration enforcement agency. It does not collect or share information about whether students are undocumented (nor does it disclose the ethnicity or religion of individual students). And it would not provide information to law enforcement authorities about the immigration status of individuals except in specific instances in which it is legally required.”
This language assures us that Stanford will continue to act as it has done in the past. However, at this urgent and alarming moment, we call on the University to acknowledge the new historical situation that faces us, and the pressing need to be more assertive under these circumstances.
Exemplary is a statement made by Fr. Paul Fitzgerald, S.J., President of the University of San Francisco, during an interview with CNN: “We will use every legal means to protect [undocumented students].”
We do not think we are simply wordsmithing by asking that Stanford adopt a similarly direct tone; on the contrary, we believe that such a tone signals to students and others that we acknowledge the severity of the problem.
It is, of course, not just a matter of words but also of actions. Columbia University has put in place specific measures to address likely contingencies, again pledging to serve all students as usual, but also stating in clear terms how the University will respond to potential action by the new presidential administration:
“If the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrival (DACA) policy is terminated or substantially curtailed and students with DACA status lose the right to work, the University pledges to expand the financial aid and other support we make available to undocumented students, regardless of their immigration status. It is of the utmost importance that federal policies and laws do not derail the education of students whose enrollment at Columbia and other colleges or universities is made possible by DACA…
“To provide additional support, the Office of University Life is hosting a series of small-group, private information sessions specifically for undocumented students in our community, including DACA recipients, to offer support and guidance regarding possible changes in the law. Affected students can contact the Office directly for more information. Separately, our International Students and Scholars Office (ISSO) is scheduling information sessions and is prepared to provide assistance via its telephone helplines to any of our international students with questions or concerns.”
Likewise, the University of California issued a statement noting that it would “vigorously protect the privacy and civil rights of the undocumented members of the UC community,” and that, among other things, “The University will not cooperate with any federal effort to create a registry of individuals based on any protected characteristics such as religion, national origin, race or sexual orientation,” and that it will undertake actions that again indicate the breadth and detail of UC’s concern:  “UC medical centers will treat all patients without regard to race, religion, national origin, citizenship or other protected characteristics and will vigorously enforce nondiscrimination and privacy laws and policies.”
We hope Stanford can issue a statement that advances its initial statement in the manners suggested. It is critical to acknowledge the depth, uniqueness and urgency of the situation, and Stanford’s commitment to act in ways that acknowledge this.
We are grateful for your swift response to the new executive order banning travel to and from certain designated countries. We especially applaud your offer of counseling and advising to community members most affected by this terrible measure. We also recognize, as you point out in your response to the recent executive actions, that “national security and counterterrorism considerations are of course vital to effective immigration policy. But the current situation is causing deeply regrettable alarm and uncertainty for many people who are part of the academic community here in the United States.”
We hasten to add that this ban is a clear violation of the First Amendment’s establishment clause. To single out people for protection and/or exclusion based on religion is not only a breach of the values that are central to our University’s mission; it is also unconstitutional. To comply with or remain silent on this policy is to imply consent, and such implied consent is something for which history will judge us harshly. The possible illegality of this measure has prompted a federal court judge to issue a stay.
Again, Columbia University’s President Lee Bollinger issued a strong statement in acknowledgment of this fact; his letter reads in part:
“As I have said on many occasions, it is critically important that the University, as such, not take stands on ideological or political issues. Yet it is also true that the University, as an institution in the society, must step forward to object when policies and state action conflict with its fundamental values, and especially when they bespeak purposes and a mentality that are at odds with our basic mission.”
We ask Stanford to join Columbia and other universities in making clear its moral outrage over these recent actions on the part of Donald Trump’s administration, and to offer specific actions in response. We urge the University to be more precise about how these measures violate specific core values of our academic community — for instance, the right to education, academic freedom, equal treatment under the law, our sense that our educational mission depends on each of our members having equal access to education and freedom from harassment or threat.
Only by being more precise, thorough, and more assertive will the full force of Stanford’s commitment to these and other values in these very troubling times be felt. We specifically call on Stanford to bring to bear its vast financial, intellectual and human resources to protect members of our community who are threatened by the president’s actions. We make these calls as collaborators in this effort. Indeed, as members of the Stanford community, we are ready and willing to take action to ensure that Stanford vigorously supports, practices and defends inclusiveness.
Stanford rightfully prides itself for its openness to the world, its participation in a global community and our commitment to educate global citizens. We must do everything possible to defend its character against measures that act precisely against that vision and to issue a strong rebuke to these heinous and cruel acts.
We, as members of the Stanford faculty, wish to go on record as expressing, in the strongest terms possible, our unwavering determination to protect our students and the most vulnerable members of our community. We wish to express our condemnation of these measures and our absolute commitment to offering protection, aid and moral support to those most immediately affected by them. We also express our commitment to continue to speak out against these and any other measures or actions undertaken by the Trump administration that are similarly bigoted, hateful and cruel.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/02/02/letter-to-the-community-sanctuary-campus-statement-from-members-of-the-program-in-writing-and-rhetoric/
Letter to the community: Sanctuary campus statement from members of the Program in Writing and Rhetoric
In the Program in Writing and Rhetoric at Stanford, ethos is a fundamental principle in our engagement with students. Ethos is related not only to authority and credibility, but also to the ethical actions that undergird those qualities. When Stanford declares that its primary mission is “to promote the public welfare by exercising an influence in behalf of humanity and civilization,” it is relying on its ethos as a prestigious institution that wields significant power. When the University states that it strives “to qualify its students for personal success, and direct usefulness in life,” it is relying on its ethos as a place that protects, supports and prepares its students for life in the public sphere. We teach our students the value of ethos — the value of credible speech and ethical action — under the aegis of Stanford’s mission and goals.
In the Nov. 10, 2016 Faculty Senate meeting, Provost Etchemendy spoke of the fact that many Stanford students, staff and faculty are terrified by the election of Donald Trump because of the very real effects of his racist, misogynist and xenophobic rhetoric and actions. In particular, the Provost noted, “We should all realize that we have a lot of students who feel particularly vulnerable, but not just students, but students and staff and other faculty — in particular students of color, undocumented students, LGBT students and faculty. Some of the students I spoke to were truly shaken and worried not just about themselves, but in particular about their parents and whether they would be deported.” This is of course alarming, but it is not surprising; between Nov. 9 and Nov. 16 alone, the Southern Poverty Law Center reported 701 incidents of hateful harassment. The largest number of reported incidents occurred in California and the most common kind of hate incident was the xenophobic harassment of those perceived as immigrants (followed by anti-Black, homophobic/transphobic, anti-Semitic, Islamophobic and misogynist incidents). The Stanford police have reported more than 17 counts of hate crime vandalism on campus since Dec. 30, 2016.
In recent days, President Trump has signed immigration-focused executive orders that include banning travel from several predominantly Muslim countries, halting the United States’ acceptance of refugees and calling for the construction of a wall along the United States’ border with Mexico. These actions directly impact many of our students and their families. As a program that teaches nearly every undergraduate on campus, we have witnessed first-hand how the threat of deportation and harassment interferes with our students’ lives and learning. What student could possibly be expected to focus on revising their essay when they fear that they or their parents are going to be deported or that their visa will be summarily canceled?
In response to this very real and serious threat to undocumented communities, many universities have taken ethical, courageous, pro-active measures. At Pomona College, President David Oxtoby not only began a letter defending DACA — later signed by Stanford — but also brought in legal aid to advise undocumented students and “personally assured students that Pomona will fill any financial aid gaps should Trump end the program and their access to work permits,” as the LA Times reported. Dedicated centers and programs, such as UC Berkeley’s Undocumented Student Program and NYU’s Immigrant Defense Initiative, provide undocumented students — and students with undocumented family members — with robust, comprehensive legal, academic and emotional support. Most recently, Stanford has taken steps to publicly show its support for undocumented and targeted international students. On Jan. 29, Stanford issued a statement that responded to some of the concerns raised by Stanford Sanctuary Now. The University has made its need-blind admissions policies for undocumented students explicit, restricted the extent to which the institution will share records with immigration and law enforcement officers and noted that Stanford police will not do the work of ICE unless legally required. The University has affirmed its support for DACA, the DREAM Act and the Bridge Act. Now, we can come together to do more.
In this crucial moment, as members of the Program in Writing and Rhetoric, we stand with our students. Joining with colleagues and students across the country, including over 60 universities that have declared sanctuary status, we call for Stanford to continue to take meaningful, concrete actions to protect and support our undocumented and targeted international students, their families and their communities. In particular, we wish to amplify Stanford Sanctuary Now’s call for the following measures:
1) Protect and support those most vulnerable to deportation, surveillance and employment discrimination, specifically Muslim and undocumented individuals.
2) Devote financial and legal resources to support immigrants throughout the region.
Stanford has declared, “Our support for all members of our community, including undocumented students, remains firm.” We strongly affirm that declaration, and we recognize that ethos will demand continuous action from all of us.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/02/01/amends-we-refuse-to-be-shut-down-by-trumps-ban/
AMENDS: We refuse to be shut down by Trump’s ban
The executive order on immigration banning citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries was announced Friday; by Saturday, our delegates from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, Syria and Yemen received notice that they would no longer be able to come to the U.S.
They were set to participate in the annual American Middle Eastern Network for Dialogue at Stanford (AMENDS) Summit at Stanford this April. AMENDS is a student-led initiative under the Freeman Spogli Institute that brings together young social activists and entrepreneurs from the Middle East, North Africa and the U.S. to collaborate on social impact projects. The group began after the Arab Spring in 2011 as a way to exchange ideas and affect change across the globe.
However, if we cannot travel to meet each other, this exchange cannot happen. In the wake of the executive order, our collaborative efforts have never been more urgent: Amidst fear politics that try to separate us and our Middle Eastern counterparts, we insist on knowing each other, working together and affirming our shared commitment to freedom and dignity for all people.
This year, the Stanford AMENDS Team selected 33 delegates from a pool of 500 applicants from the MENA region. The delegates represent 19 countries and work on a range of issues, from gender equality and diversity to environmental justice to education policy. In Sudan, Shiemma Ahmed manages an online platform for craftswomen in Darfur to sell their wares. In Iran, Esmaeil Pirhadi pioneers a hardware startup to provide sensory treatment for disorders like autism and PTSD. In Libya, Abdulrahman Zurghani runs coding classes for youth. During the conference, the delegates participate in workshops and discussions, work with Stanford students on Arabic and Farsi language skills and present their personal initiatives in TED-style talks attended by the Stanford community.
Part of our appeal to delegates has always been the Silicon Valley’s American Dream ethos: that anyone from anywhere can come here and be successful. We root this in the existence of a free and equal democracy. Now, we are humbled to admit that what we thought was stable was actually fragile — to tell delegates, “We are sorry about this executive order; we are working on it!” This recent uncertainty subverts the inherited assumption that we as Americans have something to teach the rest of the world about democracy.
While Trump’s executive order is certainly more drastic than ever, it is not a massive departure from the extreme vetting visitors from these seven countries faced under the previous administration. It was already incredibly difficult to secure visas from the seven countries. In fact, Trump’s executive order does not even name the seven countries; it simply makes reference to this list of countries from an earlier piece of legislation passed under the Obama administration with overwhelming bipartisan support.
Last year, a delegate from Yemen was unable to get a visa after a long and careful process. Another delegate from Iran, who applied for a visa months in advance, was made to fly to Turkey twice for his visa appointment, and he was ultimately only granted a visa the day before he was set to travel to the U.S. Visa applicants’ families and friends face grueling interviews and humiliating questions. The process costs hundreds of dollars. These are examples of people sponsored by Stanford University with high levels of education, and still mountains had to be moved in order for them to get a visa to the U.S.
In other words, traveling to the U.S. from these seven countries has gone from next to impossible to explicitly impossible. This is not to minimize the severity of this new executive order but rather to contextualize it within a long history of denying citizens of Muslim-majority countries entry to the U.S.
Exclusion on the basis of citizenship and religion runs directly counter to the values we place at the center of American life. As a university and as a country, we must uphold the free flow of people and ideas across borders. AMENDS will not back down in our efforts to enact this ideal. If the government tries to cast our peers in the Middle East and North Africa as enemies, we will strengthen our friendships. If we cannot meet face-to-face, we will still communicate. We refuse to hate each other, and in so doing, we resist together.
Writer’s note: We are in the process of reimagining our this year’s conference based on these new restrictions and are calling on our extended community to support us in any capacity you have.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/02/01/letter-to-the-community-on-synergy-staff-selection/
Letter to the community: On Synergy staff selection
Synergy will not be giving unofficial offers this year, and we hope other houses will join us in this policy.
After an extensive discussion within our team and consideration of each of our experiences through staff selection, we have concluded that arguments in favor of unofficial offers cluster around two main points, both of which we believe are ultimately fallacious.
First, proponents of unofficial offers may feel that the “system” introduces faults and uncertainty in the process of staff selection, ultimately hindering the creation of the best possible team.
Second, the unofficial offer is often used nepotistically to give positions to “preferred” applicants, most often friends of the current staff.
While arguments against the latter use are obvious and (we hope) may rest unstated, we also wish to argue against the ostensibly well-intentioned former.
We do not have time to work through the logic of the match process in this opinion — so we state here our conclusion explicitly: it does not help either party to establish mutual rankings before the match ( the entire function of unofficial offers). This is a mathematical statement about the algorithm, not an abstract belief or hope. As much as we at Synergy oppose an unquestioning adherence to the system of law under the assumption that mere rigor is a proxy for justice, we believe that only by mutually supporting a fair and equitable system — the Match — can we achieve the best possible outcome for houses, applicants, and residents-to-be.
We now move on to consider the more insidious social influence of unofficial offers, an influence that complicates the staff selection process.
The staff application process is ingrained with fear: applicants fear they will not get a position; houses fear that they will not get the best possible staffs. Such fear however is the inverse impression of the care that both applicants and houses feel for the communities they represent. It is out of fear that we resort to the system of unofficial offers; in order to counter this fear we must learn to trust each other. We must trust that everyone — other applicants as much as other houses — cares about one another, as well as community, more than the mere notion of having a “staff position.”
Unofficial offers gain value by trading certainty against the potential of fear, thereby obscuring the best possible state of affairs. Applicants are encouraged to see any indeterminacy as weakness: by giving unofficial offers we create an environment of false scarcity, which aborts all processes of genuine self reflection which would otherwise be required of applicants to rank houses and conversely staffs to rank applicants according to the best interests of the community. The creation of staff teams should be a coherent and reflective process of self-organization in which applicants and houses decide the future of communities they deeply care about.
In the case of Synergy, if we view a staff position qua employment exclusively, we commodify a position of fundamental social and political responsibility. We all want a Stanford in which every house is the site of community and growth, of solace and vitality; we do want to create a staff that will benefit the immediate community of the house through their commitment to the social and intellectual well being of its members. It is such outward-emanating care for communities — rather than inward-facing competition — that should define the process and intentions of staff selection.
In the Trump era, it is pressing that we interrogate the logic that, “It’s what everyone has always done.” While the issue of staff selection seems a provincial concern with respect to the terror unfolding itself across the nation, we should wonder whether the boundary between relevant and irrelevant is indeed so well defined. Even though the cultural focus on post-graduation employability obscures this, we are the representatives and citizens of the world to be. The practices which we enact here and now are a material divination of those that will define the future of America — and the world over. Currently, our unofficial practices reflect the immoral and myopic perspectives of our contemporary world elite — the elite that forces applicants to fight over the right to earn a wage, that pits individual against individual to the service of an ambiguous “country” or “progress,” that has done the minimum required to stay within the boundaries of social acceptability.
We can do better. We can build our communities in ways that present a real and prescient potential for the improvement of society-at-large, into the ur-sites of social change. And we can start now, by choosing intentionality over transaction, responsibility over competition, care over fear in our selection of staff.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/01/31/for-in-the-end-it-is-all-about-memory/
For in the end, it is all about memory
I’ve spent the past two and a half months writing poetry – some of it angry, some of it desolate. Some of it’s about the election and about the statements and actions of our new president. Some, however, has taken a different direction. It has turned to reflect inward on the protesters. On the minorities like me who decide to stand up, who decide to fight against the direction in which this country is moving. And it has become sad and lost and remained full of rage and frustration. Because for the past few months I have been slowly coming to terms with the fact that, as has happened so many times in history, no one will stand for the Jews. No one seems to notice us. Of the hate crimes and hate speech around the country, a great deal is still directed toward the Jewish people. Anti-Semitism is far from dead. Rather, it is growing again, and has been for the past few years. And while it is true that we are not the first targets of this new administration, we are still the targets of its supporters. Yet no one seems to notice us. Again and again, I see Jews left off lists of vulnerable populations. A few months ago, I began to wonder if we would be remembered. If others would fight for us the way I fight for them.
The past few weeks have taught me that I was right to be concerned. Because the absence of reference to the Jewish people in commentary about those who have reason to fear today is not merely forgetful. It is erasure. On campus, for example, the only campus-wide hate crimes I have seen reported since the presidential election have been anti-Semitic. But when I went to protest on Inauguration Day, our struggles were not only ignored, we were actively cast out of the narrative. I had expected not to be explicitly included in the speeches. But what I did not expect was to hear Martin Niemöller’s poem “First they came … ,” a speech rooted in sentiments of accountability and standing for others who will, in turn, stand for you, modified to fit the modern day and lacking the verse about Jews. There is room for all of us in your activism. Do not delete me from Holocaust poetry or from modern causes, because we are still hated.
This erasure is becoming more obvious. I read a post today on Facebook outlining how the current situation in the United States seems to mirror Hitler’s rise to power. In the brief description of the Holocaust, it said that, “minorities, including gays, the disabled, non-Christians and people of color were considered ‘inferior’ and sent to death camps for slaughter.” Six million Jews were murdered in the Holocaust, were sent to concentration camps and stripped of their humanity, tortured and starved and worked to death and shot and gassed and burned. Eleven million innocent people were murdered in the Holocaust, in the Shoah, and six million of them were Jews. Do not erase us. Do not take us out of our history when our solace and our promise to our people is remembrance. When all we can say to them is that we will not forget. And do not leave us out of the protests and the speeches of today. Just because we will not be the first to be harmed does not mean we are safer than any of you. Because whenever hate festers against any group, so too does anti-Semitism flourish.
In 1946, Niemöller wrote the first version of the line, “Then they came for the Jews, and I did not speak out, because I was not a Jew.”
Listen to his words. Speak out. I will speak out for you. I will speak out for every person who is victimized by this president, this political climate, and those who support and perpetuate hate and violence against any of us. So please. Speak out for me. And if you cannot do that, at least recognize that I, too, am part of this fight. And I too have reason to fear.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/01/31/speaking-out-on-the-executive-order/
Speaking out on the executive order
President Donald Trump signed an executive order on immigration on Friday. This order temporarily bans entry into the United States for citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries and halts all refugee resettlement; it indefinitely bars Syrian refugees. Those affected, including a Stanford student who is a green card holder, were detained at airports or forced to return to their point of origin. Federal judges have blocked the order, and the Department of Homeland Security clarified on Sunday that the immigration ban no longer applies to permanent residents. Nonetheless, a large and uncertain legal battle looms.
We, the Stanford Asian American Graduate Student Association (AAGSA), have generally remained politically neutral, but this executive order is too harmful and too detestable for us to stay silent. We strongly oppose the immigration ban, especially the denial of refugees. Historically, United States immigration policies, such as the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882 and the acceptance of Vietnamese and Hmong refugees, have greatly shaped the Asian-American and Pacific Islander community. We owe our community’s rich diversity to the liberation of immigration laws, with immigrants helping to fuel our nation’s economic and population growth.
Stanford University itself owes much of its success and even its founding to immigrants’ contributions. Currently one-third of its graduate students and 8.8 per cent of its undergraduates are international. Impacted members of the Stanford community may now be prevented from attending conferences, conducting field work, caring for patients or returning home; other prospective members may be forced to decline offers of admission or employment. As Stanford celebrates its 125th anniversary, the University should remember that Leland Stanford financed its founding using wealth accumulated from the construction of the Transcontinental Railroad, built with thousands of Chinese migrant laborers. Yet Stanford himself was not a generous advocate for the workers he relied on, saying, “The presence of numbers of that degraded and distinct people would exercise a deleterious effect upon the superior race.” Echoes of this discriminatory rhetoric can be heard in Trump’s immigration ban and proposed prioritization of Christian refugees over Muslims. Today, as we remember the birthday of Fred Korematsu, who fought a legal battle against the internment of Japanese Americans (itself the product of an executive order during WWII), we must be wary of how present-day discussion of a Muslim registry could extend America’s history of xenophobic policies.
A threat to any immigrant is a threat to all immigrants and to their descendants. The story of America, much like the story of Stanford University, includes immigrants from the very beginning. These discriminatory policies and the increasing numbers of hate crimes are an affront to America’s values. We must stand united in opposition. AAGSA serves the entire Asian-American graduate student population at Stanford, including Muslims. We will continue to provide a welcoming and inclusive environment, and we call on the university to lead and act in defense of its members and its values. No hate. No fear. Immigrants are welcome here.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/01/30/two-decades-of-stanfords-future-is-on-the-table/
Two decades of Stanford’s future are on the table
Every 20 years or so, Stanford revisits its vision for the future — a vision of more Arrillaga gyms, awkward roundabouts, hotel-like dorms and red tile roofs — and applies for a license called the General Use Permit, or GUP. This permit is Stanford’s first step to make its vision a reality.
Last November, Stanford submitted a draft of its next GUP, outlining its proposed development from 2018 through 2035. This document shows that, as usual, Stanford is dreaming big. Right now, the University is asking for nearly 4,000 new students, 40 football fields worth of new academic and academic-support buildings and enough beds for almost five more Wilbur Halls, all by 2035.
But these big dreams have an impact, and that means big responsibilities.
For example, when Stanford plans to hire 2,400 new workers and admit 2,200 new graduate students, where will they find homes? Some may get lucky and find places near campus, but at the risk of displacing longtime residents in communities such as East Palo Alto and Belle Haven. The rest will spend several hours commuting to campus — some coming from as far away as the Central Valley — usually not by choice. Stanford is responsible for these impacts and many others when it asks for this extensive growth.
So when Stanford lays out the blueprint for its dreams in the GUP, Santa Clara County makes sure our university is dreaming responsibly, by asking individuals and groups how they are impacted by the growth and what should be done about it. In this way, the GUP is a powerful tool for accountability. Through the 2000 GUP, students and community organizations pressed the county to use the permit to limit what they saw as the negative impacts of a “bigger Stanford” on the campus and broader community. Through their efforts, they successfully preserved open spaces (such as the foothills around the Dish) by limiting development to the main academic campus, a restriction that remains in place today.
As much as the GUP is a chance for Stanford to dream big, it is a chance for us and our neighboring communities to dream big too — to imagine a Stanford that invests in its community and leaves a legacy of equity.
From this vision for our university, the Stanford Coalition for Planning an Equitable 2035 (SCoPE 2035) was born. Representatives from several student groups have begun to come together to move Stanford toward embracing 1) its role as an anchor institution and a practice of resource reciprocation, 2) labor and transportation equity, 3) accessible and affordable housing and 4) zero greenhouse gas emissions from buildings. We believe these are priority areas for Stanford to consider as it continues to grow and develop towards 2035.
On Feb. 8, the county will hold a crucial public meeting that sets the course for the rest of the negotiation process until 2018. That day, SCoPE 2035 will release a set of concrete proposals within these focus areas for the County and Stanford to consider as they negotiate the General Use Permit.
Students are not the only ones with a vision for a more equitable 2035, though. Members from SEIU Local 2007, the labor union representing directly employed Stanford workers, will be directly impacted by the outcomes of GUP and would like to see improvements. SCoPE 2035 will be proudly supporting the union as it advocates for improved housing and transportation options for Stanford staff. Together, we look forward to working with Stanford to achieve our visions.
Stanford’s dreaming big. We’re dreaming better. We’re dreaming for an equitable 2035, and we invite you to join us.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/01/30/two-decades-of-stanfords-future-is-on-the-table/
Two decades of Stanford’s future are on the table

Every 20 years or so, Stanford revisits its vision for the future — a vision of more Arrillaga gyms, awkward roundabouts, hotel-like dorms and red tile roofs — and applies for a license called the General Use Permit, or GUP. This permit is Stanford’s first step to make its vision a reality.
Last November, Stanford submitted a draft of its next GUP, outlining its proposed development from 2018 through 2035. This document shows that, as usual, Stanford is dreaming big. Right now, the University is asking for nearly 4,000 new students, 40 football fields worth of new academic and academic-support buildings and enough beds for almost five more Wilbur Halls, all by 2035.
But these big dreams have an impact, and that means big responsibilities.
For example, when Stanford plans to hire 2,400 new workers and admit 2,200 new graduate students, where will they find homes? Some may get lucky and find places near campus, but at the risk of displacing longtime residents in communities such as East Palo Alto and Belle Haven. The rest will spend several hours commuting to campus — some coming from as far away as the Central Valley — usually not by choice. Stanford is responsible for these impacts and many others when it asks for this extensive growth.
So when Stanford lays out the blueprint for its dreams in the GUP, Santa Clara County makes sure our university is dreaming responsibly, by asking individuals and groups how they are impacted by the growth and what should be done about it. In this way, the GUP is a powerful tool for accountability. Through the 2000 GUP, students and community organizations pressed the county to use the permit to limit what they saw as the negative impacts of a “bigger Stanford” on the campus and broader community. Through their efforts, they successfully preserved open spaces (such as the foothills around the Dish) by limiting development to the main academic campus, a restriction that remains in place today.
As much as the GUP is a chance for Stanford to dream big, it is a chance for us and our neighboring communities to dream big too — to imagine a Stanford that invests in its community and leaves a legacy of equity.
From this vision for our university, the Stanford Coalition for Planning an Equitable 2035 (SCoPE 2035) was born. Representatives from several student groups have begun to come together to move Stanford toward embracing 1) its role as an anchor institution and a practice of resource reciprocation, 2) labor and transportation equity, 3) accessible and affordable housing and 4) zero greenhouse gas emissions from buildings. We believe these are priority areas for Stanford to consider as it continues to grow and develop towards 2035.
On Feb. 8, the county will hold a crucial public meeting that sets the course for the rest of the negotiation process until 2018. That day, SCoPE 2035 will release a set of concrete proposals within these focus areas for the County and Stanford to consider as they negotiate the General Use Permit.
Students are not the only ones with a vision for a more equitable 2035, though. Members from SEIU Local 2007, the labor union representing directly employed Stanford workers, will be directly impacted by the outcomes of GUP and would like to see improvements. SCoPE 2035 will be proudly supporting the union as it advocates for improved housing and transportation options for Stanford staff. Together, we look forward to working with Stanford to achieve our visions.
Stanford’s dreaming big. We’re dreaming better. We’re dreaming for an equitable 2035, and we invite you to join us.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/01/25/a-letter-to-stanford-radical-vulnerability/
A letter to Stanford: Radical vulnerability
Writer’s note: CW: suicidality, mental illness, trauma
If, at any point, you feel triggered or need support, please call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline: (800) 273-8255; CAPS: (650) 723-3785; or The Bridge Peer Counseling Center: (650) 723-3392.

To my Stanford community:

My name is Hope G. Yi, I go by they/them/theirs pronouns, and this is my story.

On January 25, 2013, I was hospitalized at Stanford Hospital after making an attempt on my life. Everything happened so quickly, but I remember the pounding on my door at two in the morning; I remember being dragged out of my bed and ordered to pack an overnight bag with no explanation; I remember being shoved into a police car, where officers cracked jokes as I sat in the backseat, handcuffed and devastated; I remember being kept from sleeping in order to repeat and relive the same traumatic experience to 12 different doctors who processed my story as if it was just another piece of paperwork to fill out; I remember being gaslit by a Resident Dean, who told me repeatedly that everyone in my dorm was talking about me; I remember being hastily prescribed a medication regimen and handed a stack of papers in lieu of verbal explication of what was being imposed on my body; I remember being threatened with solitary confinement when clarifying that I wasn’t my Asian-American roommate after a nurse had consistently mixed up our charts; I remember not being allowed outside for a breath of fresh air until I had accumulated enough “compliance points.” I was kept at Stanford Hospital for two weeks, where I was stripped of my dignity and agency to exercise my basic rights. In the psych ward, where my very sanity was called into question, any appeal for humane treatment was seen as an act of non-compliance, a diagnostic for further mental instability, and justification for prolonging my hospital stay. For every night in the hospital, Stanford made money off of my residence. Against my will, I was coerced into notifying my parents about what had happened, despite the fact that home wasn’t a safe place, which was one of the reasons why I felt the need to take my life in the first place. After my hospitalization, I spent a month at La Selva, the local residential inpatient program, and then I went back to New Jersey, where I got a lot worse before I got better enough to convince the university to let me back in Autumn 2014.

I am reminded of my trauma every time when I hear pounding on doors, when I have panic attacks in the middle of classes, and even when people approach me for a hug; I feel my trauma as I scream, I tremble, I suffocate on dried tears and shallow gasps for air as the world seems to tighten its grasp around my neck. I feel my trauma when I see the faces of people who’ve hurt me not just in my nightmares but every waking day, even when they’re not there. Trauma is having your spirit tarred and feathered and wondering if you’ll live long enough to see the day your scars heal.

Ultimately, I needed my time off, and I don’t regret it. And I’m grateful to Stanford for giving me a second chance to rejoin the community and for providing me with the baseline accommodations that I’m entitled to, for which I had to fight tooth and nail, that I need to exist in this environment, which can’t be said for many other institutions. However, what I have serious reservations about is how Stanford managed my case in a way that scarred me and aggravated my trauma, and having spoken to a handful of other students, I know this isn’t the first — or last — time Stanford has mishandled a crisis case. Maybe I’m wrong, but I feel like there are a lot more of you, and I hope you know you’re not alone.
Since last spring quarter, I’ve been serving as one of the Mental Health and Well-being leads for the ASSU Executive Cabinet, along with Emma Coleman ’17. Motivated by my own distressing experiences with Stanford’s mental health support system to serve in this capacity, I’ve been surprised by the wealth of existing resources and organizations on this campus and have been lucky enough to connect with so many great people doing good work through this position. The Bridge Peer Counseling Center, meticulously organized, is available to students 24/7, Stanford Mental Health Outreach (SMHO) facilitates candid conversations to destigmatize mental illnesses, and other student-run organizations in the Mental Health and Well-being Coalition, such as Stanford + Mental Health, the Happiness Collective, Students for Body Positivity, Students 4 Resilience, Power2Act, We Continue, Survivor Peer Support Group, Kardinal Kink and SHPRC, have been doing meaningful work to serve students and help them survive at Stanford.
On the other hand, this position has reinforced the many ways in which Stanford continues to be limited in its understanding and support of mental health. Despite the efforts of some administrators — Carole Pertofsky’s work with iThrive, Alejandro Martinez’s peer counseling and QPR curriculum, Ron Albucher’s CAPS Student Advisory Committee (comprised of mostly grad students), and Chris Griffith’s single-handedly managing the Dean’s Leave of Absence (an entire department’s worth of work!) — Stanford does not do enough for its students, especially when it comes to mental health. This is not news. There are so many reasons why this is so, and having attended meeting after meeting, trying to figure out what to do about a problem that is so systemically rooted, I’ve found that, among other factors, there is a fundamental disconnect between administrators and the students they purport to serve. Especially in crisis situations, the consequences of this disconnect could be dire. Lives are at stake.
To be clear, I am not writing about my experiences to complain or to garner sympathy; rather, I hope that this calls attention to the hard and ongoing conversation that needs to be had about a topic that the university generally silences.
That said, something I’ve noticed in and out of the mental health community is somewhat of a hierarchy in the way we talk about neurodivergent experiences: It’s become increasingly more acceptable to talk about depression, and more people are beginning to open up about their bipolarity. But suicidality seems to be one of the most taboo topics — and at least for me, it’s because I’m afraid my feelings will be construed as dangerous or unproductive. I’m afraid Stanford will screw me over again and eject me from campus because my unhappiness with the way things are indicates to them that I can’t be “successful” in the way they want me to be. Bottom line: If you’re suicidal, you’re seen as a liability to Stanford and are, one way or another, removed from campus. “You can be suicidal, just not here” seems to be the common rhetoric, as opposed to one that revolves around genuine support and rehabilitation.
If you are willing and able, I call on current Stanford students and alumni who’ve had experiences with 5150s that authorize forced hospitalization and/or involuntary leaves of absence due to mental health issues to gently revisit some of those harder memories and think about ways Stanford could have done more for you; of course, your self-care comes first, so if this will be more harmful than helpful for you, please feel no pressure to share.
To best organize this effort, here is a completely confidential and anonymous Google form, in which you can choose to write about your experiences or schedule a time to meet with me in person. If you’d like a more public outlet for your story, the Mental Health and Well-being Coalition will be organizing an opportunity for you to share your experiences with mental health/suicidality at an event called “Take Back the Stigma” on Wednesday, March 1 for Wellness Week.
Whatever the next steps are from there, I pledge to be transparent in my actions and respectful of your time and space. I can’t promise an immediate change in policy or culture, but what I can promise is that I will do everything I can to make sure that your concerns are communicated to people who give a damn and can do something about it — with your consent, of course — and that your stories are respected. Your trust is sacred to me, and your courage will not be taken for granted. And whether you choose to share or decide you need to heal in your own way at your own pace, know that you are seen, you are heard, and you are loved.
When I was first diagnosed with mental illness, the first thoughts I had were: “Who will love me? Who will hire me?” I recognize I have a lot to lose from sharing my story so publicly, but over the past couple of years, as I’ve found homes in my QTPoC and neurodivergent communities, I’ve discovered that there is no dearth of love in my life, and it is this love that comes with radical vulnerability that supersedes my fear of rejection, that moves me to share my story with you today.
That said, let’s be real: I’m still struggling. I still feel insecure. I still get lonely. I take medication every day to numb the overwhelming urge to make myself disappear. I share this with you because one of my biggest frustrations with many prototypical narratives about mental health is that they rely on this whole overcoming-darkness-for-a-happy-ending script for consumerability. Well, my story is neither happy nor is it ending, and I hope those of you with stories know you don’t need a title or position to have credible ideas, and you don’t need to commodify your trauma or affix a success story to your narrative to be heard and valued.
Thank you for taking the time to read my story.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/01/20/devos-a-threat-greater-than-just-incompetence/
DeVos: A threat greater than just incompetence
Trump is less of a threat to me than he is to the average American. My socioeconomic status, gender, sexual orientation and race all exclude me from forms of institutional persecution. Rarely do the decisions made on Capitol Hill and in the Executive Branch harm me. But on Wednesday, one of his decisions presented itself in crowded Senate committee room and punched me in the face.
I am dyslexic. If you do not know what that means I entreat you to learn more. This NPR piece does a better job explaining than I could in the space provided here. Given that anywhere from one in five to one in 20 people have dyslexia, it is highly likely that some of your friends and relatives share this disability and gift with me. As a dyslexic, I have a learning disability that has impaired my reading and writing ability throughout my entire school career. Because of this, government decisions on what disability rights entail have always affected me personally.
For those of you who do not obsessively follow politics, the confirmation hearing for President-elect Trump’s nominee for Secretary of Education, Betsy DeVos, was held Wednesday. DeVos has a long record of advocacy for school voucher programs, charter schools and state control of education. She also has no direct government experience. This last fact was evidenced Wednesday.
When questioned about key federal disability rights laws, DeVos responded with an astonishing level of confusion for the person tasked with implementing federal disability protections for students. She first stated that enforcement of equal education standards is “a matter that’s best left to the states.” When pressed further, she back-tracked by saying that schools must comply with federal law when federal funding is in place, and that she “may have confused it.” “It,” in this case, is the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA), the main federal legislation regarding equal education for students with disabilities.
DeVos represents a threat to decades of progress on disability rights. Relegating the issue to the states will inevitably cause a decrease in the quality of education available to those with any type of impairment. Some states simply won’t offer services to students with certain disabilities, citing budget constraints or expensive private alternatives as justification for not providing this crucial service.
By making this a states’ rights issue, DeVos implies, in the words of Tim Kaine, that families should “just move around the country if they don’t like how kids are being treated.” If you think no state will make this necessary, I envy your optimism. Accessible, individualized education is expensive. If it were not for the legislation DeVos threatens, many parents would not be able to provide their children with even an adequate education, let alone a good one. Without a federal mandate, programs will be cut, leaving children in their most vulnerable stages of development without the individualized education they need.
I also fear Devos’ impact personally. Though Stanford is a private institution, it is still subject to federal disability law that the Department of Education must enforce. Any future education I pursue will be subject to similar standards. Any reduction or lack of enforcement of these standards will doubtless lead to insufficient resources for disabled students such as myself and many of your classmates.
DeVos’ attitude towards disability rights is even more insidious. The best possible interpretation of DeVos’ hearing performance is that she was almost completely unaware of what IDEA entails. DeVos’ confirmation can, at best, represent a de-emphasis on disability rights in a time where the struggle for equal opportunity – not to mention the struggle against stigma – is far from over.
As Jay Ruckelshaus wrote this week for The New York Times, disability needs to be politicized. Current educational standards for students with disabilities are far from adequate. We need to bring people with disabilities, especially students with disabilities, out of the shadows of politics. We need public debate on how we must serve a community that is chronically underserved in all areas, not just education. DeVos represents an existential threat not only to disabled students but also to the chance of having that much-needed debate.
Ruckelshaus is right: We need to politicize disabilities. But not like this.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/01/17/when-activism-prevails-scary-path-finally-lit/
When activism prevails: ‘Scary Path’ finally lit
I first walked Scary Path on a frigid night in winter during my freshman year. The path winds among looming redwoods and open space between Kappa Alpha and Kappa Sigma. Though I was with friends, I couldn’t help but feel frightened. The path was by far the shortest route home, but it was completely dark, and I stumbled occasionally on sharp rocks and branches. The five minutes it took to get to the end of the 528-foot trail left me questioning my safety there for days to come.
Concerned, I spoke with then-ASSU president Elizabeth Woodson to share my worries about student safety on the path, particularly for undergraduate women. Elizabeth revealed many other students had also stressed their concern about the path to the executive branch, but that other priorities had overtaken efforts to improve the path. We brought the problem to the administration, which at first was hesitant to work on this issue. We continued to press on the issue, and eventually Stanford agreed to set up a working group, which I co-chaired with an administrator, to study the issue.
The working group consisted of five students and seven administrators representing different groups and communities on campus. We met every other month for an hour to discuss issues relevant to the path, usually with the students speaking about how many people felt scared on the path. We asked to have the path lighted and paved. Administrators initially resisted these improvements, citing various impediments including the endangered salamander species in the area as well as obtaining regional and state permits.
Worried that improvements to the path might fail, I reached out to more students about Scary Path, especially in the surrounding houses, the sororities that mixed with the two fraternities, nearby community centers and freshman dorms. This feedback illustrated that nearly 100 percent of women felt unsafe on the path and that minority men felt particularly less safe than white male students. The students on the working group then urged the group to survey all students in the area for a wider sample. When the survey was delayed, our team leveraged the media, including the Palo Alto Daily and ABC7, to bring more attention to the issue and put pressure on the administration to follow through with the survey.
The survey was ultimately conducted last spring. While the response rate was small (due to being sent out late in the quarter), it overwhelmingly showed that female students were fearful of Scary Path but continued to use it due to extreme convenience. Following the survey, the working group finally agreed that a path should be paved and lit, and the representatives from the University Architect’s office mapped out a plan. In December 2016, almost two years after my first walk down the path, representatives on the working group approved a plan to build an alternate path with lighting.
The fear that students described on Scary Path emanated from a stereotypical image of sexual assault, where a stranger jumps from behind a bush on a dark path. However, the reality is that the majority (70 percent) of sexual assailants know their victims. Certainly, the campus is safer with more pavement and lighting, as well as better police patrols, but a paradigm shift is imperative. We need to ensure that Stanford is using evidence-based prevention education and ensure we align our sexual assault response with best practices. Stanford’s sexual assault policies have come to national attention in recent months, and we should take our place as a leader in shifting norms, rather than a laggard protecting the old status quo.
One dark path through Stanford is about to be lit, but all of us must now stand up against sexual assault. Lighting a path didn’t happen simply because students in the working group were relentless; it happened because activists across the university took action. No matter if you’re doing your part to stop campus sexual assault in your own dorm, student group or athletic team or through activism or policy change, there is always a place for your voice. There is still so much work to be done on this issue, so keep talking. I know at least for myself, this is just the beginning.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/01/16/at-stanford-martin-luther-king-jr-is-at-the-back-of-the-bus/
At Stanford, Martin Luther King Jr. is at the back of the bus
Biking past the Science and Engineering Quad reveals an interesting dichotomy at Stanford. Behind you, the impressive and technologically-advanced buildings put Stanford’s academic excellence on proud display. But just ahead lies a much different picture.
In the shadow of Y2E2, you’ll find a row of shabby portables known as Cypress Hall. Located on the margins of campus, few Stanford students know where the hall is; even fewer are aware that one of these modest, outdated buildings is home to one of the world’s largest collections of scholarship regarding the late Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
Clayborne Carson and Coretta Scott King at Stanford in 1986
(Courtesy of Martin Luther King Jr. Institute for Research and Education).
In 1985, Coretta Scott King asked Stanford history professor Clayborne Carson to direct the King Papers Project, a collaborative effort to document, publish and archive thousands of Dr. King’s personal papers. Expanding on the work of this project, in 2005, Dr. Carson founded the Martin Luther King Jr. Research and Education Institute.
The Institute has published seven volumes of the King Papers, in addition to producing plays performed internationally, training scores of student researchers, producing an online King Encyclopedia and developing educational resources about the African American freedom struggle. The Institute has been visited by civil rights leaders, freedom fighters, even the Dalai Lama; the Institute’s most recent scholar in residence, Dr. Clarence Jones, was Dr. King’s personal attorney — the man who snuck out King’s “Letter from Birmingham Jail” from Birmingham Jail.
As the King Papers Project expanded out of its original Meyer Library office, the University offered Dr. Carson Cypress Hall D as a temporary facility, promising a permanent, more functional space would come. But whenever he inquired about the status of the new space, he received the same reply: Just wait a few more years.
Today, the King Institute remains in Cypress Hall D.
While Dr. Carson has been patiently waiting for a new home for the Institute, Stanford has invested billions of dollars into renovations and new projects — such as the Science and Engineering Quad directly across from the King Institute. The contrast between these two spaces offers a stark visual manifestation of many students’ criticisms that the University has failed to prioritize both the humanities and support for faculty of color.
As an institution that prides itself on a commitment to both disciplinary and social diversity, it would make sense for Stanford to center the work of the Institute’s humanities scholarship, research training and public outreach program. In a recent article, Stanford acknowledges that the work done at the Institute is important and uncommon, noting that it is “one of only a few large-scale research ventures focusing on a single African American.”
The fact that Stanford has these artifacts is an incredible honor for this university. So why do so few know about it?
The work of the King Institute today is more important than ever. Following the 2016 election, it is important to remember the stories and actions of those who came before us and apply their lessons to the challenges that lie ahead. Dr. King’s life is an extraordinary example of the principles and practice of nonviolent resistance, compassion and empathy, and an unending will to confront and challenge the forces of injustice and evil.
There is no denying that this school is, to use Dr. King’s words, a “vast ocean of material prosperity.” There is no shortage of resources here. The opening of the new $87 million McMurtry Building in 2015 is an encouraging and important start to a greater commitment from the University to the arts and humanities.
There is still more work to be done.
The King Institute is a critical asset essential to Stanford scholarship. It is time that the University acknowledges this, and I invite the new president and incoming provost to fully support the important work done there.



https://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/01/05/undoing-certainty-injecting-hope-into-history-education-an-open-letter-to-stanford-professor-sam-wineburg/
Undoing certainty, injecting hope into history education: An open letter to Stanford professor Sam Wineburg
Professor Wineburg,
Last month, Stanford reported your team’s findings that teens are shooting up fake news.
Is anyone surprised?
Even the Pakistani Defense Minister has the bug: Was it last month that he threatened Israel with nuclear retaliation based on fake reports?
Professor Wineburg, your work on historical literacy, and your new focus on online reasoning, is vital for America’s critical consciousness. As it stands, your method is popular: You’ve reported 3.5 million downloads of the Stanford History Education Group‘s curriculum, Reading Like a Historian (RLH). In it, teachers access nuanced lessons, using primary sources, to get students debating issues like “was Lincoln a racist?” Students corroborate evidence, navigate shifty voices, critique movies — they search for the missing, the doctored. As a student teacher training at Stanford, it was a revelation.
This is my concern: The RLH curriculum is an unreliable source that perpetuates the problem you seek to solve.
When taken in sequence, RLH’s U.S. history lessons transform into a nationalist narrative. Military and political events heavily valued. Six lessons on the Cold War, two lessons about African American civil rights, one of which deemphasizes black people by centering on “was JFK a strong supporter of civil rights?” Women’s history begins with suffrage, quickly followed by the inquiry “why did people, including women, oppose suffrage?” No rethinking of dominant narratives into cultural, transnational, micro or environmental histories.
The surety of the RLH narrative seems to suggest that historians have settled on whether history is a science or a humanity. It seems to suggest that Said’s “Orientalism” is finished laying bare the insidious biases trickling into scholarship due to ethnocentric privilege. As James Baldwin once said: “If you don’t know my father, how can you know the people in the streets of Tehran?” In this case: If you don’t define yourself, how can you define history?
I am concerned about the ways you’ve responded to history educators whose narratives differ from yours.
I will never forget the day you told me you were going to write an essay about how Zinn’s “A People’s History of the United States,” that bastion of social justice, was as propagandistic as textbooks. We drank beer; you suggested my classmates’ thinking was fascist; my classmates wanted to omit documents supporting Truman’s use of the atomic bomb from curricula on ethical grounds. I was excited that socialist feminists like me could get behind a challenge to the status-quo dogma of classroom teaching.
Then the article came out. Something in me turned cold. You burn bridges to Zinn folks. Your headings eviscerate: “A History with No Hands.” You attack the man’s character: “Not only is Zinn certain about the history that’s happened. He’s certain about the history that didn’t.” You write, “A history of unalloyed certainties is dangerous because it invites a slide into intellectual fascism,” without reflecting on your own unalloyed certainties inviting similar danger.
More recently, you went on NPR to decry Big History, stating “the kinds of questions of the Big Bang … seem to be quite far and distant from … the need to understand our present.” That is conservative judgement; is it necessary to gate-keep the definition of history as well as the tools to teach historical thinking? By reflexively taking these groups down, you have been defending your website’s patriarchy.
Professor Wineburg, please use your privilege to listen, build bridges, hybridize, allow for changes to history’s definition and engage in critical inquiry. Imagine “Big History” and “A People’s History” sections on the RLH website. Imagine a review of your site by historians of color, feminists, environmental historians. Imagine the RLH website openly asking students to question the veracity of its narrative, openly asking students to challenge its creator’s methods.
To fight the oncoming ghouls of tyranny, our students have to do more than fact-check: They have to self-actualize. Students must learn to challenge authority, constructively and actively, including Big History, RLH, our presidents, our textbooks, our Twitter feeds, our teachers, our parents and the unconsidered mythology of the individual soul.
If history educators embraced an outbreak of critical inquiry on all sides, maybe our students could have a chance at learning to be citizens.
